The best movie I ever saw and I watched hundreds off them from Godfather, Pulp fiction, The green mile, The pianist, Schindler's list, Rear window, The shining, Alien etc. What can you ask more: space exploration, apocalyptic earth, emotions, tears, time manipulation, amazing visuals, maybe the best music score, touching acting, everything you want. SHAME on all the oscar "experts"!
After watching this insane movie in the theatres back in 2014 I swore to god I will wait 5 years to watch it again so I get to forget it and experince the insanity it has again This without doubt is THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE
This movie was the best written, acted, visual effected, etc. movie. This movie was the best movie I have ever seen. I am a huge Christopher Nolan fan and this movie was his finest. Matthew McConaughey turned in his best performance of his lifetime. Anne Hathaway was an amazing supporting actress and compared to her performance in Les Miserables, I have no idea how she didn't get an Oscar for this. The visual effects were more than just Oscar worthy. They were pioneering. I have never seen anything like it. One thing I would recommend is having a little previous knowledge about space. Not like Einstein stuff though. I would recommend you see this movie as fast as you can if you are a Nolan fan or not. I give this movie a rating of 97 out of 100.
I judge a movie by how long it takes me to realize I need the bathroom, how long the movie can hold my interest and how convincing the events unfolding are. Well, I watched this movie all the way through with no bathroom breaks. My interest was grabbed from the start and held all the way through. Being old enough, and lucky enough to have watched the premiere of 2001 A Space Odyssey - and viewed it several times since - of course I made comparisons, and there were a few, but this movie tells an excellent stand alone story that is both riveting and believable. I'm not going to give away any secrets but anyone who watches the last five minutes or so without a lump in their throat and a tear in their eye, well you're a critic, you're not enjoying the movie because you're too busy looking for bloopers and faults. Were there bloopers and faults? The darn movie was so riveting if there were any I didn't notice them!
Certain things in life are precious. Very precious. And so was the Film for me.

Why you might ask?

Well seldom do i get the chance where i find myself sitting in a cinema anxious and intrigued by what might come. In a time where trailers are omnipresent and going to the movies without having seen one seems unreasonable, outright stupid to some i had the magical chance to find myself in front of the IMAX on a cold November night with 2 tickets to Interstellar. My only knowledge was that Nolan directed it and McConaughey stars in it.

The images were brilliant the acting was top notch and everything was blended together by Hans Zimmer and his Music. 169 minutes flew by me with my eyes fixed on the screen and my heart racing. And there it was.. The ending. I couldn't believe it . I was reliving, rethinking the movie while the credit scenes rolled enjoying the moment, the smell of popcorn, my comfortable seat and what do i see next to me? Ninety percent of the people in the cinema rushing outside after the first second of the credit scenes.

..

.

Well apparently people enjoy movies different than i do. Maybe i should start watching trailers again :).
I have been a cinema lover for years, read a lot of reviews on IMDb and everywhere, and never found the right movie to write my first review. I always thought I would wait for THE movie.

And this is IT!

When I first heard that Nolan was preparing a sci-fi movie, I felt like a kid again, waiting for his Christmas gift under the tree. I knew it would become a classic. And I'm sure it will.

First of all, it is incredibly beautiful to watch. Honestly, it was so beautiful that I felt like I was sucked into the movie. The way Nolan decided to show some scenes really remind me of 2001 A Space Odyssey (actually many things will probably remind you of this movie). We can feel the talent of Christopher Nolan, just by looking at the way it is filmed. The techniques he used contribute to create that visual environment in a believable way.

The sound environment is just mesmerizing. It is a very important part of the movie, because some scenes take place in space, and Noland just found the right way to use sound. The soundtrack (made by the great Hans Zimmer) is breathtaking, epic, amazing, unreal. I could find a lot more adjectives to qualify it, but you have to hear it to understand how epic they are.

These two important parts (image and sound) create a stunning atmosphere. You will forget you are in a movie theater, and you will be lost in space, sucked into the adventures of this new Space Odyssey, begging for more. It is a truly unique experience. I can say that I have never felt something like that in a movie theater (at least not for the past ten years).

Then, of course, the cast. First of all, Matthew McConaughey. I discovered this actor in Tropic Thunder, but he didn't really convince me, though he was quite funny. Then I saw Dallas Buyers Club. Since that movie, I love him. In this movie... Well, he is the movie. I exaggerate a bit, since there are other great actors (some even unexpected with a special guest) who play extremely well. But he is just what was needed to feel the human part of the story (which is very important in Interstellar). He is capable of making us feel so many different emotions all along the story, as a father, as a human. Anne Hathaway was very convincing, all together the actors managed to create some harmony, which makes the human interactions credible. Caine, Chastaing and Affleck are a perfect choice. And then there is... The special guest, I will call him "X". His role, which could be seen as a minor role, is actually much more important than that. He proves, once again, that he is a great actor. Watch and see.

And finally, the scenario/story. I won't spoil anything here; I'll just try to convince you how great it is. Nolan is known to revolutionize everything when he tries a new genre in cinema. Well, once again he did it. With The Dark Knight he revolutionized the superhero genre. With Interstellar he's revolutionizing the sci-fi genre in cinema. From what I heard, he worked with a physicist (in gravitational physics and astrophysics) to help him with that movie. And we can feel and see it. During the fifties, Asimov laid the foundations of modern science fiction. Lucas and Kubrick did the same in cinema. Today, Nolan is laying the new foundations of the genre in cinema, proving that cinema is still at the beginning of what can be done (brace yourselves my friends, we have not seen anything yet).

Why? Well, simply because we only know a few things about space, some things can't be proved for the moment, so we can use theory, and make the best of it. That is exactly what Nolan did. He used theories that exist today, and made a movie about mankind, about pioneers, about humanity, about us.

Because, in spite of all the sci-fi aspect, it is a story about humanity. McConaughey, Hathaway, and mainly "X", will managed to convince you about that.

My rating for this movie can only be a 10, because in itself, it is a beginning for a new kind of cinema. It IS a classic. Those who say "we can't compare this movie to 2001 Space Odyssey, nor can we compare Nolan to Kubrick" are wrong. We can, and we should. Talented people don't live only in the past, some genius live today, among us. And Nolan is one of them. Many say that he is overrated. I truly don't think so. Only time will answer that.

This is the sci-fi movie of the decade, and probably the best movie Nolan ever made. Just go for it, without a second thought.
2,708 out of 3,661 found this helpful. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote.
Permalink
 10/10
Interstellar : An open-hearted & mastered Human Odyssey
tardieu-felix1 November 2014
The film begins by establishing at his own rhythm its ambitions: men overexploited land resources, which is why the only goal they have left is to survive. This life is not enough for Cooper, brilliantly played by McConaughey who gave body and soul to this character. But all of this wouldn't hold without the total control of Christopher Nolan, based on the languishing soundtrack by Hans Zimmer, the luminous and impenetrable photography of Hoyte Van Hoytema, and the sincerity of Nolan's directing. He manages to film the characters and to find the right cut at the right time, always in harmony with Hans Zimmer's soundtrack, to give the film an aspiring and inspiring dimension that went missing for many many years. Thus we are transported into the same cockpit that Cooper, we feel the same remorse that he can already feel, we feel the same gravity, and we feel the same fear of the unknown melted with the force of his will. All of this is brilliantly illustrated in a very simple directing choice, which from my point of view is the decisive impetus of the film: to directly jump from when Cooper leaves in his truck, leaving his family behind him, to Endurance taking off. This simple editing decision allows Nolan to give an original movement to his film, and the musical crescendo makes us physically feel the sentimental break between two parts of the film.

You don't necessarily have to understand it immediately : The film will raise questions in you, such as : what is it to be a human being, is there some physical limitations to our humanity, how far could we be willing to go to determine knowledge, is there other dimensions that we can not access to, and above all: what is the nature of this intact and immutable bond that unites us to others wherever we are in the universe ? Is this bond only intelligible, or is it also tangible ? All these questions resonate in harmony in Nolan's Interstellar.

Interstellar is itself a crescendo, increasing sensitivity and creativity. I use the term deliberately because it goes crescendo with the soundtrack by Hans Zimmer, which is one of the most beautiful music ever scored for a sci-fi movie. We are witnessing a perfect musical arrangement, a total symbiosis, a bit like the music of Gravity which had understood very well how to match the image and the rhythm of a sequence to its own musicality. Zimmer's crescendos are giving a new powerful breath to every new scene, whether it is in visually powerful & intense moments or in more intimate moments; it intrudes into our momentary feelings and sensations, and manages to extend them, sometimes almost to choking, before resting on the balance of the film frame along with our mind spell-bounded.

I have seen all the talent of the director that I knew he was outside the norm, but whom I did not know his capacity to reinvent itself. Because this is it: Interstellar is not an action movie, not really a blockbuster, and it goes not entirely but mostly again the expectations of common people. It's much more than that. This is much more than just a sci-fi movie. It is unlike any of his previous films. Some hoped to see Interstellar as Christopher Nolan's best film, and they were disappointed that this was not the case. And indeed, THIS IS NOT THE BEST FILM of Christopher Nolan. Because in a way, IT IS HIS FIRST FILM. I'm not saying that Interstellar is not as good as his other films, it goes beyond all of them. But to me Interstellar is the first film of a new stage in Nolan's filmography ; it is a masterpiece as it the beginning of a work ahead. Interstellar is the proof that Nolan has finally managed, despite all the expectations that were placed on him after the success of The Dark Knight, to move away from his own reputation to create a personal work, original, humble, sincere and deeply, meticulously, measured.

Now, in this third act of the film, it all comes to life with unparalleled strength. Nolan poses and answers questions that raise others. But he focuses his attention on the great mystery of love, that emotional bond that can unite men and sometimes separate them. But Nolan is the only one that can successfully speak of love from a being to another in a film that mainly takes place in a another galaxy. From my point of view, only Solaris by Steven Soderbergh (2002), unfortunately neglected by the audience, was able to accomplish that. Interstellar is based on a premise which is the following : from terrestrial dust to the depths of space and time, we can never be separated from who we are as individuals and as a species, as we always leave a part of ourselves "behind" us. In other words, I could say that this is a human story, and even if we go as far as we want to, if we travel through the universe believing that we can be detached of the one we are fond of, we will only get closer to them. Because the separation, and thus the distance and time, can only ultimately reinforce the relationship between the people who really love each other. Because it is going to the end of the world, when we reach the end of ourselves, that we reach the singularity of the "black hole beyond the horizon" * : it is our humanity. No, I wasn't been able to find any bad flaws in the film. Not one, and I'm still looking. After all, Interstellar is like gravity, "all it takes is a little push ! "
you'll have to see the movie to figure that one out.

THIS IS A MANKIND ACHIEVEMENT.THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE.IS ANYONE HAS DOUBT?

I was extremely lucky to get the chance to see this film upon its first day release, before entering the cinema, my expectations were already high, after all, this was a film from the cinematic genius who brought us the likes of 'Inception' and 'The Dark Knight', to summarise the following review in a single sentence: I left the cinema in extreme awe from the visual masterpiece I had just viewed. A film that explores the psychological and emotional state of a man whose life revolves around his family, 'Interstellar' is a thrilling and thought-provoking film that boasts an intellectual story masterfully written by the Nolan brothers. Whilst there seems to have been influence from films like '2001: A Space Odyssey' and 'Apollo 13', 'Interstellar' is unique in its own way. Whilst the subject may be hard to comprehend at times, it can't be denied how visually monumental and thoughtful Christopher Nolan's epic science fiction masterpiece is, and can easily be named the best film of this year and possibly one of the greatest science fiction films to have ever graced the screen. A sheer brilliant feat of cinema.

(This is both a review of the film, and an assertion of Christopher Nolan's filmmaking style). There have been many reviewers and critics alike that have high praise for the film (the visual effects, the acting, the music), but say how it's not Christopher Nolan's best directed film. This is where i personally would have to disagree. Before i get into it, though, i'll talk about Interstellar a bit.Interstellar is truly a sci-fi epic like no other. To compare said film to '2001: A Space Odyssey' isn't just a disservice, but unnecessary. The films are almost nothing alike, simply sharing small plot elements. Also, Stanley Kubrick's vision of Arthur C. Clarke's sci-fi epic wasn't to ponder the philosophical questions that accompanied the story, but to make art, and art is was, and is. With Interstellar, Mr. Nolan set out to make his most personal and emotional film to date about love and time (time being a recurring theme throughout all of Nolan's films). But it's so much more than that too. There are no words to express the epic journey Nolan takes us on in the film, but needless to say, it's tear-jerking and emotional throughout. The acting is top-notch, especially McConaughey, who gives (I would say) his most emotional performance yet. But the actor who stole the show in a few scenes (one in particular, when they're on an alien planet) was David Gyasi as Romilly, one of the astronauts aboard the Endurance, their spacecraft. The musical score from Hans Zimmer is, without a doubt, his best and most influential work to date, helping drive the film's bold and breath-taking vision (the church organ helped significantly). The visual effects are easily the best to date as well, and of the year. To see a black hole created through visual effects in such a way, with pages theoretical equations provided by Kip Thorne (theoretical physicist, of whom's work inspired the film's genesis); what you see in the film is the most realistic depiction of a black hole, and even offered new insight to accretion discs surrounding the anomalies. But even everything else, from the alien planets to the Endurance, the visuals always look real. Then, there's the writing. I would definitely have to say this has some of the best dialogue i've ever heard in a sci-fi movie, and the script continually pours or oozes emotion, keeping the audience tethered to the film.Now, about Mr. Nolan. Don't just look at Nolan, but look at his films. Some say Inception would be his masterpiece, while others would say it's The Dark Knight, or Memento. But honestly, every single film Christopher Nolan has directed is a masterpiece not of its genre, but of Nolan. Following is his quiet masterpiece, not the film that put Mr. Nolan on the map as a phenomenal director, but one people visited or revisited after becoming accustomed to Nolan, after seeing Memento, what could be called his breakout masterpiece. Then, right after, he directed the remake of the Norwegian thriller, Insomnia. This, too, could be considered a masterpiece, even if a remake. Then, we were given his take on the Batman universe, starting with Batman Begins, the origin masterpiece. Then, there's The Prestige, adapted from the novel of the same name, which can be called his dark masterpiece. The Dark Knight, his bold masterpiece; Inception, his complex masterpiece, and The Dark Knight Rises, his flawed masterpiece. Now, we have Interstellar, his emotional or personal masterpiece. This is just my looking at Nolan and his films, but whatever your thoughts are, you can't deny Interstellar is one hell of a journey. He certainly is one of the best filmmakers of our time, and of all time. I can't wait to see what he does next, but i'm not sure it will be as emotionally powerful as Interstellar.

'Interstellar' was incredible. The visuals, the score, the acting, were all amazing. The plot is definitely one of the most original I've seen in a while. Most of the critic reviews have said that some bits are a little too unbelievable, but I have to disagree. Yes, there were some parts that were definitely in the "fi" part of sci-fi. But the thing is, 'Interstellar' deals with concepts that we know very little about. We have no idea what the 4th or 5th dimension is like, or what it would be like to go through a wormhole or a black hole. I don't think it's fair to call something unbelievable, when we have absolutely no idea what WOULD be believable in those circumstances. Either way, excellent writing from the Nolan brothers. The visuals were outstanding, and will no doubt be nominated for an Oscar. The performances were excellent, though nothing Oscar worthy, as is the case with most of Nolan's films ('The Dark Knight' being the obvious exception). Hans Zimmer's score was amazing and blended perfectly with the film. All in all, 'Interstellar' is an excellent movie, which I personally think is Nolan's most beautiful film to date.

All is amazing. I can't describe anything. It's a film that leads you to think about yourself and your plans in your life. I am a real series/movies' lover and... This was awesome.

Interstellar is a movie like no other. Unlike many apocalyptic sci-fi films that feature advanced technology as the source of our destruction (ala The Terminator movies), it instead asserts that technology will save us.

Not everyone in Interstellar recognizes the potential of advanced technology. Most dismiss it as a waste of time and resources, and not just old curmudgeons feel this way. Thoughtful, intelligent young characters share this sentiment. This belief gained steam following a world-wide blight that wiped out the vast majority of life on earth—crops and humans.

Farming became paramount while advanced technology was deemed frivolous. Cooper (McConaughey) remains one of the few survivors who still appreciates the need for engineering. He feels like a man lost in time, until he stumbles into the headquarters of NASA (which had been operating in secret due to public disapproval). Here he meets others who realize that a return to our old ways is unsustainable and will ultimately lead to our demise. We need technology to save us. As Michael Caine, playing the brilliant (duh!) Professor Brand, eloquently tells Cooper, "we were never meant to save the world. We were meant to leave it." For a movie that won an Oscar for Best Visual Effects (and deservedly so) the sound stole the show. Hans Zimmer (Dark Knight Trilogy) unleashed a performance that was, quite appropriately, out of this world. Never have I seen a movie elevated so much by its score. The sound literally took my breath away. Forgive me for the next paragraph. I will gush irresponsibly about the magic that is this movie's sound. Skip it if you please. You have your warning.

The music fueled every important scene. In every meaningful moment Zimmer's harmonies captivated watchers' attention in the way of a coach commanding a locker room with a pregame speech. The music elucidated those emotional scenes, particularly ones featuring Cooper and his daughter, in a way that no words or visual ques possibly could. I sat frozen, jaw agape, with tears pouring down my cheeks as the music completely overwhelmed my emotions. The sound penetrated my soul and reverberated through my body, flowing to my appendages, supplying me with life like a heartbeat pumping blood through my veins. The music was truly the life force of movie.Yes, we all witnessed a visual triumph, a daring creative wonder the likes of which we haven't encountered since Inception. Yes, nearly every actor's performance proved worthy of commendation. McConaughey is on fire. Chastain is blossoming into a star. At this point Michael Cain exudes such knowledge and wisdom by merely appearing on screen that if he were cast as Albert Einstein, people would wonder if the role were beneath him. All this considered, and the sound still towered over everything. I walked out of the theater believing that I had experienced something unique, something truly special. Interstellar inspires, it awes, and above all it entertains. I cannot ask for more than that.

Love is the one thing that transcends time and space...New creation of Christopher Nolan's genius, whose name is now known to everyone. His films are waiting with a special look, because it offers something that every day, unfortunately, less and less can be found in the world of mass cinema - an interesting spectacle, filled with meaning, ideas and emotions. At this time, Christopher decided to send us not to the world of dreams, and even not on the dark streets of Gotham City. No, now he send us to the journey to, and perhaps beyond the boundaries of the possible and impossible, through the curvature of space and time, in other worlds. And you won't forget this trip, this can be assured.I was madly waiting for Interstellar's release. And then, finally, I was able to see this Beauty - at the premiere in my coutry on October, 29. It was incredibly exciting. It was a delight. It was unforgettable. It was gorgeous. Nolan once again amazes the viewer's imagination by his painting. Journey to the brink of infinity, the line where humanity has never set, acts as either the first-born purpose and a background of emotional history about the father and the daughter. A loving father who mankind need to help, but that he should leave his children, and a loving daughter who doesn't want to let her dad in the infinity darkness.
Starting from the very first frame and ending with the closing credits, a new picture of Nolan will absorb you completely, forcing stare at the screen during the whole action, because it's all so exciting and interesting that escape becomes physically impossible. No, this three hours won't fly quickly for you. You'll feel every emotion, every event, every character. You will not look how the main characters travel through the universe, because the movie experience in this film is so excellent that you will be on board of "Endurance" starship and travel between the worlds with the main characters by yourself.The emotional core of this story is the relationship of Matthew McConaughey's character and his daughter - Mackenzie Foy' and Jessica Chastain' character. And the acting work of these three artists in "Interstellar" impress the most. McConaughey was acting really great, and this is one of the most emotional, if not the most emotional role of his life. All the drama and tragedy of the relationship of father and daughter in this film will not leave anyone indifferent. Anne Hathaway, Wes Bentley, Michael Caine, Casey Affleck, Ellen Burstyn and other actors also coped with their roles and presented the film's supporting characters very realistic. I would particularly like to note a small but important in this story role of Matt Damon, a character who has received quite memorable. If we talk about the characters, it should be noted also two robots that accompanied our heroes in this difficult journey. One of them adds a touch of humor in the film, which mitigates constantly depressing, dramatic, and sometimes really dark atmosphere.
The script of the film is very well combined the history of space exploration and the relationship between Cooper and Murph. The story is complex and complicated, is based on real scientific theories by Kip Thorne, and indeed contains a reference to the "Space Odyssey" and other sci-fi pictures. This story about true love, about loyalty, forgiveness, fraud, hard decisions, and much more. And it is designed so that leaves a lot of room for the imagination of the viewer. It's also possible to notice some structure allusion to another Nolan's work - Inception. The story and visuals are combined just perfectly in Interstellar.Hans Zimmer's score, written by him on the basis of only one letter from Nolan, hold the key: "Once we become parents, we can't help but look at ourselves through the eyes of our children", deserves a special praise. On this basis, Hans managed to write just incredible soundtrack that perfectly harmonizes with the history and the visual side of the picture. And this work of the composer is really different from the previous ones. It is executed in a different style from another subject in its base. Very impressive work, which will be pleasantly listened again and separate from the film itself.Visual range of the picture is incredibly beautiful and circuses. The "Endurance" itself, new worlds, insanely beautiful and mysterious space, wormholes, black holes, and travel through them, folds of time and space are arranged so that is simply breathtaking. I would like to thank all those who contributed to the creation of a visual of this film. It must be seen. That mastery with which this is done, not just words. In the visual pattern also has some references to the Kubrick's "Odyssey", and they are pleasing to the eye.Many thanks to Christopher Nolan for having given us such an incredible movie, which once again proved to us that the cinema is Nolan's life."Interstellar" is a film that wins the hearts of the audience not only with its sci-fi splendor, but also an emotional story that lies at its very heart. This film is not only about the discoveries, space exploration and the final frontier of mankind, but also about the relationship of father and daughter, who were in a difficult situation in life when one has to leave the other in the name of a goal that can not be underestimated. So, with what Nolan's genius unfolds before us this action is beyond praise. Combining the story, filled with not only real science fiction, but the true human values ​​and emotions, outstanding and very emotional performances, breathtaking visuals, epic and dramatic soundtrack, Christopher Nolan breathed the life into this film by his directing to create something truly masterpiece again."Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night... Rage, Rage Against The Dying Of The Light."

So last night I got the chance to see the early screening of Christopher Nolan's Interstellar. The film I've been waiting so much from the early days of the shooting. How did it fare? Here's my take:To avoid any tl;dr risk, let me get this straight from the very beginning, Interstellar is one goddamnedly good film, it gets you to the edge of your seat, it soars, it warps, it rips your brain senseless. It's that good. Interstellar is a story about the earth dying, with its soil no longer able to sustain crops other than corn, and of course, it will lead to the extinction of humanity. Our hero is an ex-NASA test pilot named Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), a typical ordinary-guy-in-an-extraordinary- situation everyman who's also a dedicated family man, especially toward his daughter Murphy (named after the Murphy's Law). In an all-too-Armageddon style our hero gets invited by the (publicly) defunct NASA to become humanity's last hope in finding a new home, for they have found a wormhole near Saturn (2001, anyone?) which will warp the astronauts to another galaxy in quest of a habitable planet. Solid and compact premise, although it's been used before.For seasoned filmgoers, there are many similar elements (although it's understandable) with Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) and Robert Zemeckis' Contact (1997). In a sense that this is not a bang-bang-shoot-shoot-blow-em-up sci-fi, but more of a slow-burning, metaphysical sci-fi which gets you to think about your place in the universe and your exact place in time.Similarity with 2001 and Contact is never a bad thing, but it becomes a wee bit too predictable, although Nolan is a smart enough director in providing the final (a very sentimental one, I should say) twist in the story. The visuals in this film is majestic, everything is shot to a meticulously calculated level, Nolan-style. The space scenes are serenely suspenseful just like Cuaron's Gravity, but unlike the documentary feel of Gravity, there's a real gusto and pace to these scenes. You should also be prepared for the (for some, maybe) unexpected third act, it is Nolan's most sentimental and humane moment to date. And this is why Interstellar is more than just a science-fiction, it is a human drama intertwined in space and time loop.One thing that Nolan gets a bit wrong is the narrative. Nolan was never a 'warm' director, his films are filled with brilliant ideas and flair but it feels cold, it maybe suits Memento and The Dark Knight but in Interstellar he seems to have been lost in determining which of the interpersonal drama or the sci-fi that will be Interstellar's forte. The result is a rather incongruous script, intermittently cutting off the excitement of the previous scene and so on. But it is a forgivable sin, for the good is a lot more than the bad in this monumental film. At the end of the day, all I can say is that Interstellar is a grand film. It is monolithic, thoughtful, sentimental, sophisticated, visceral but also with its flaws. I wouldn't say it's Nolan's best work to date, but I daresay that this is one of the best science fiction ever released.After watching Interstellar, do yourself a favor and get lost in space and time and go back in time to see Contact (1997) and 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) to further wonder and wander into the realms of the unknown.Because sometimes it is the unknown that fascinates us, frightens us and brings out the best in us.

Just watched Interstellar in imax 70mm. Science Fiction fans can read on, everyone else can skip. Movie is a visual masterpiece. Like his earlier movies, Christopher Nolan once again proved, how big a movie can be! There were some shots,which made audience go crazy..Some scenes were as epic as 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do not go into the theatre expecting an action packed cerebral thriller. This one is not for action fans. At times, movie go highly sentimental( Matthew McConaughey does what he is best in and supposed to). I recommend this movie to all the Sci-Fi fans out there, make sure you go in group of sci-fi nuts!! Do not go with the hype..Go, sit back and enjoy. Just like Inception, this movie will be known as great after few months(I know people who said Inception was a crap when it released, and after few months rating it 10/10 in IMDb :D). I don't wanna spoil anything(If you want PM me). Also, make sure you go to the best theatre close to you. (If you loved Donnie Darko, 2001: A Space Odyssey, this is the one for you, Get ready to get mind blown!!) Interstellar Movie is EPIC in all sense!!

A lot has been said and heard about this movie but none of it comes even close to the experience of watching it. It has all the elements of a Nolan movie and just like in all of his other movies he decides to go a bit further. This time, he went a little too far. The story behind the movie has it's flaws. There really is no explanation of what happened/is happening. Instead you are given fragments in the first half of the movie hoping one will put all the pieces together. All in all, the first part seems a bit rushed and leaves you wondering if more could have been told. But, since the real story is not why the travel is necessary but the travel itself once the crew is off, the story really kicks in. The main part of the movie gives a great ride, pumps your blood with adrenaline from time to time and gets you emotional pretty often. The problem I personally had was that the story taking place simultaneously on Earth was less shown than I expected. A different approach was expected but that did not stop Chastain from giving the best role in the movie. The last part of the movie is dynamic and filled with problems real people would have if found in a situation like that. But the explanation given at the very end was a bit to much for me. I heard that this was called "the most scientifically accurate movie" and that physicist around the world fought over the fact was that true or not. Nevertheless, way too much theoretical physics in the end. Since I love SF movies I am willing to look past the over- the-top science part, but what really got to me was that it was predictable. From the very moment I saw a black hole in the movie I put two and two together and that kinda ruined it for me a little. Regarding the acting, as I said before, Chastain gave the most powerful performance in the movie. She doesn't have much screen time, but she sure knows how to use it. The two that actually lead the movie - McConaughey and Hathaway were brilliant. McConaughey did a little better job handling the emotions of a father with the responsibilities of a team leader and the savior of mankind. His performance was outstanding. Hathaway was good, decent, without a single word that can be said against her, but for a movie like this, that is almost completely on the shoulders of the actors, she should have done more. The others did a good job, particularly Casey Affleck who's character was a grand comparison to Chastain's. The music given it was done by the mastermind Hans Zimmer was spectacular. Just the right notes, just the right timing, just the right music. His understanding of what movies should sound like is amazing. All in all, Interstellar is a magnificent movie. It is a type of movie Nolan does best. It has all the elements of being a classic like Kubrick's 2001: a space odyssey, it comes really close to being the new space odyssey, and it will not perish with time. Still, this might be a bit too much for the average moviegoer, a lot has to be digested here, it is not a simple or easy movie to watch. But, if your braincells don't shut off and you don't expect another Die Hard movie, you will appreciate this masterpiece.

The most amazing thing about this movie is its pioneering spirit. They look at night sky and see a map of foreign worlds that need to be visited. The movie presents lot of mysteries of the world in visually fascinating way. Those robots there are amazing as well, complete opposite of Marvin from Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. I love them. The emotional layer is as great as it gets. You may very well find yourself crying possibly more than once. Finally the imagination was mind blowing rolling around the edges of the things you are yet willing to accept as possible. It all feels very real like you are right there travelling across the Universe encountering strangest parts of physics. chris Nolan a delivered another original story with with less special effects its more old school stuff with flight simulators done instead of geeen screens with space painted on the outside everything you see in this movie is real as your going to get so here starts the story of a farmer called cooper played by Matthew mconnaughey another Oscar performance who was a N.A.S.A pilot and his family he finds out that there is a problem with earth food sources and stumbles upon a plan to save earth and t leave earth for another world with his daughter he loves and his daughter tuned into other worldly scientific things that I wont explain you have to see this to understand the films relevance on finding a solution to the worlds problems there is a solution in here house were signs are there but I wont make sense until the end he has really turned the corner in his career what a Renascence. First of all, it is incredibly beautiful to watch. Honestly, it was so beautiful that I felt like I was sucked into the movie. The way Nolan decided to show some scenes really remind me of contact and parts of inception you see in this movie ca feel the talent of Christopher Nolan, just by looking at the way it is filmed. The techniques he used contribute to create that visual environment in a believable way. The sound environment is just mesmerizing. It is a very important part of the movie, because some scenes take place in space, and Noland just found the right way to use sound. The soundtrack (made by the great Hans Zimmer) is breathtaking, epic, amazing, unreal. I could find a lot more adjectives to qualify it, but you have to hear it to understand how epic they are. you think how loud this film is you think you ware a astronaut Matthew, In this movie... Well, he is the movie. he orchestrates this film that everybody else feeds of his power so much that everyone around him gets better. But Matthew is just what was needed to feel the human part of the story (which is very important in Interstellar). He is capable of making us feel so many different emotions all along the story, as a father, as a human. Anne Hathaway was very convincing, all together the actors managed to create some harmony, which makes the human interactions credible. Caine, Chastaing and Affleck are a perfect choice. And then there is... The special guest who is mischievous in a minor role , is actually much more important than that. He proves, once again, that he is a great actor. Watch and see. and a sarcastic computer really a bit bizarre in space but this computer does come in handy in a important sceneAnd finally, the scenario/story. I won't spoil anything here; I'll just try to convince you how great it is. Nolan is known to revolutionize everything when he tries a new genre in cinema. Well, once again he did it. With The Dark Knight he revolutionized the superhero genre. With Interstellar he's revolutionizing the sci-fi genre in cinema. he worked with a physicist in gravitational physics and astrophysics to help him with this movie. And we can feel and see just as Spielberg did in the 80s Nolan is doing it now Today, Nolan is laying the new foundations of the genre in cinema, proving that cinema is still at the beginning of what can be done (brace yourselves my friends, we have not seen anything yet).
Why? Well, simply because we only know a few things about space, some things can't be proved for the moment, so we can use theory, and make the best of it. That is exactly what Nolan did. He used theories that exist today, and made a movie about mankind, about pioneers, about humanity, about us.
whole journey that they thought was fraught with danger and the unknown as they have received messages from across time and space to realize that they had the answers after all it was just his daughter love to figure out what the lead scientist life work (Michael Caine) was about My rating for this movie can only be a 10,this film does not feel like 3hrs of moving space enthralling epic masterpiece with a beating heart of love and time and bending space time from a to b to meet his family across the universe This is the sci-fi movie of the decade, and probably the best movie Nolan ever made.if you like thinking about logic you might just come way thinking that this earth can be saved if we take what Nolan was taking about and not just taking the earth for granted Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night... Rage, Rage Against The Dying Of The Light."

(((WOW)))...!!!It's almost impossible to put in words, but we have to try and give everyone what he truly deserve.In my modest opinion, Interstellar is the best Sci-Fi in human history. Believe it or not. It's the simple and the complicated, It's the usual and the different, It's the mind and the heart, It's an emotional and psychological journey through the unknown which has its own stunning visuals. It's an original story and thought-provoking masterpiece.Every single time with him, you just got crazy about his ideas, astonished by his mind games and inspired when he talks to the heart.
Back then, he was an ambitious young director. And with his capabilities made his own way straight through the world. Now, he is an icon and a legend of directing. He is Christopher Nolan...Really guys, what's wrong with this guy ?!! what's going on inside his head ?!!It's our job to honor the honorable. Please, Just keep the rating UP, why ? Because Chris. and Interstellar deserve it.

Wowser! This Christopher Nolan film was presaged with such marketing hype that I went in with pretty low and cynical expectations. But I was frankly blown away with it.Just about everyone raves about Christopher Nolan's work, and you look back at his Filmography and it makes for a pretty impressive resume: from Memento via the (rather over-hyped imho) Dark Knight Batman series-reboot through to Inception, one of my favourite films of all time. For me, Interstellar is right up there with Inception for thought-provoking, visually spectacular and truly epic cinema.We start in familiar 'Day after Tomorrow" territory, with mankind having in some way – not entirely explained – messed up the planet. As I understood it (and the film probably does require multiple watches with – see comments below – subtitles=on) the rather clever premise is that the world's food supplies are being progressively destroyed by a vindictive 'blight'. This delivers the double whammy of destroying mankind's provisions but also, by massive reproduction of the organism, progressively depleting the Earth's oxygen. For some reason – again, which I didn't get on first viewing – this is accompanied by massive dust storms. It is a morbid bet as to what is going to get the mid-West population first: starvation, lung disease or suffocation. Matthew McConnaughey plays the widowed Cooper, an ex-NASA drop out turned farmer given the opportunity by mission-leader Professor Brand (an excellent Michael Caine) to pilot a NASA mission. The goal is to punch through a mysterious wormhole in space where they suspect, through previous work, that a new home for mankind could be found.The first part of the film is set on and around Cooper's farm, setting in place one of the emotional wrenches at the heart of the film: that Cooper in volunteering for the mission and having to leave behind his elderly father (John Lithgow, again superb) and young children Murph (aged 10) and Tom (aged 15) whilst recognising that danger for him comes not just from the inherent risks involved but from the theory of relativity that could change everything, time-wise, for when he returns.Cooper is supported on the mission by a team of scientists including Brand's daughter played by a love-struck Anne Hathaway, who again shows she can act.To say any more would spoil what is a voyage of visual and mental discovery. (However, I would add that it is good to see that the character that plays my namesake Dr Mann (in a surprise cameo) is equally good looking! LOL).In terms of plus points, where do I start? The visuals are utterly stunning. Whilst reminiscent in places of Kubrick's "stargate" from 2001, the similarity is only passing. The film adds a majesty and scale to space that surpasses wonder. Elsewhere there are some interesting visual effects: this might have just been me of course, but after the dramatic launch there was something about the camera moves during the first scenes of weightlessness that made me feel genuinely nauseous.
Equally stunning is Hans Zimmer's score which is epic and (in places) very VERY loud. The film certainly doesn't "go quietly into the night"! When matching the noise of the score/choir to the sound effects in the launch sequence the combination is ear-bleedingly effective. This must be a strong contender for the soundtrack Oscar for 2014. One quibble, again 2001 related, is that Zimmer uses the last chord of Also Sprach Zarathustra in the score sufficiently often that one hopes Richard Strauss's estate receives some royalties! The acting is top notch: I've already mentioned Caine and Lithgow, but McConnaughey, Hathaway and Jessica Chastain are all great. A particular shout-out should go to Mackenzie Foy as the young Murph, who is magnetically charismatic and just brilliant in the role.Above all, Nolan's direction is exquisite. The film has a slow build on earth (which adds to the lengthy running time) but defines the characters and primes the plot perfectly. And some of the editing cuts – again, Cooper's farm departure/launch sequence overlay is a great example – are superb in building the mood and the tension.I've decided that I am an extremely tough reviewer and for me a 10 star film is a rarity indeed. Where I could have knocked off a star was in some of the dialogue on the soundtrack, which was pretty inaudible in places: McConnaughey in particular with his general mumbling and strong southern accent is indecipherable in places. I look forward to the DVD subtitles. And one of the character's dying words – delivering a key plot point in the film – was completely lost to me (but thankfully later restated). Whilst the expansive plot is highly ambitious, the end of the film, playing fast and loose with physics I fear, requires a gravity-defying suspension of belief (although I guess the same could equally be said of 2001: A Space Odyssey).However, the film has stayed so firmly lodged in my mind for 24 hours I will make a rare exception to my rating 'rule'. Overall, this is a top-notch Sci-Fi film. And a final word: PEOPLE THIS IS A MUST SEE ON THE BIG SCREEN! (If you enjoyed this review, please see my archive of previous reviews at bob-the-movie-man.com and sign up for future notifications. Thanks).

I hadn't seen this but movie and caught it on a flight back from the DR. One of my favorite movies of all time. I would give the first half of the movie an 11/10, just completely enjoyed it as a sci fi/ thriller(in the sense of so much always being on the line). I loved the acting and just yeah, a great movie and one you should go see if you never have

-Plot- The year is unknown, but most likely close to present time. The Earth is running out of resources and a group of underground NASA workers seek the help of Engineer/Astronaut turned Farmer Mr. Cooper in taking a journey across the Galaxy and through a wormhole in hopes of a future for mankind on the other side.That is the gist of the exposition of the plot. It's mostly quite clear what this movie is about through previews. On paper this sounds like a typical sci-fi plot, but Chris Nolan executes it like never before. The movie seems to be getting more mixed reviews from critics compared to his other films, and I think I have an explanation. Nolan and his team had too much faith in it's audience. The movie is full of science and dialogue strongly textured with physics theories. The talk of wormholes and Black holes are key to the movie. But I know that many will be left confused even with the explanations of what is going on to make everything in the film scientifically possible. After all, Physicist Kip Thorne was a consultant for the movie! I found it quite educational, interesting, but also over done at times. A good majority of people who watch this movie will be turned off by the abundance of scientific talk throughout the movie. I personally loved it and was never lost, but I could understand why many people were frustrated with the constant turns in the plot and overlong length.I found this movie to be amazing. Sure, at times the dialogue was hard to even understand. There was a scene where a major character is dying, and as he speaks his last words, it's almost impossible to decipher what is said. It was also almost unintentionally humorous. But that was a small price to pay and I'm sure the subtitles of the Blu Ray release will save that scene for me. The directing and cinematography are gorgeously done. The camera angles really bring the movie to life. Simple shots from the point of view of the rear of a truck or spaceship never looked so amazing. The visuals were undeniably beautiful whether the setting was in space, on the foreign planet or even the decaying Earth. The music of the film by Hans Zimmer deserves so much recognition! I will even say it was better than the score for Inception. It really increased the tension and pushed for emotional heartache in many parts of the film. There are many tense scenes that will have you holding on along with the characters in the movie and a good portion of this effect is due to the musical score! The acting was top class. Matthew M gave one of the greatest human performances in history as Mr. Cooper. I seriously think it was better than his Dallas Buyers Oscar Winning performance. I really hope he gets recognition for this. There are more than a few scenes that will make even the most cold hearted person feel like crying. He was just amazing. Anne Hathaway gave a stunning emotional performance as the flawed Bland. Jessica Chastain has a few strong moments as well. There is a scene regarding her character breaking down which will definitely make your eyes water. The supporting cast all do justice to the movie too, but Matthew and Jessica gave the best performances without a doubt.In a way, this movie resembles Inception in certain areas. Inception had a hint of relativity in it with the time differences between the dreams, the real world and limbo. Interstellar adds to that with the inclusion of a planet in the other galaxy in which every hour is equal to 7 years outside of its atmosphere. In Inception, a central character is left behind and lost in the limbo world with its major difference of time. In Interstellar, a central character is left behind in the other galaxy to find a new home while the other leaves to help the current home adjust until then. In Inception, a central character is old for a moment in limbo at the end due to the difference in time relativity. In Interstellar, the time relativity affects the entire human race as the astronauts are in the other galaxy. In both movies, the main character has left behind children and longs to be reunited. Inceptions main character doesn't want to see his children's faces until they are truly reunited. But in Interstellar, he holds on to the image of their faces as a survival tactic. This movie is full of Christopher/Jonathan Nolan-isms.Overall, I think that this movie should be seen in theaters on the big screen if you have the chance. It was a true experience. Be sure to be attentive and to clear your bladder first though. It will make you think. At times it might make you check your watch, but please endure and you will be treated to one of the most intriguing films of all time. Even if you think you didn't like the film, there is no doubt that you will be thinking about the contents of the plot and beauty of the visuals long after the credits roll.

'Interstellar' takes off by constituting its soaring ambitions right at the very first few sequences of the film: humanity is struggling to survive in a barely habitable Earth, already at the brink of total destruction. Earth and its resources is down to its last few moments, but when a wormhole, a medium that enables space time-travel beyond known limits, is discovered, scientists and ordinary men gather together, to begin an exploration that would take time-traveling through different worlds, in man's desperate search for humanity's place among the stars.To fully understand 'Interstellar', its premise and its accuracy, may require repetitive thinking, research, and a certain level of intellect—perhaps the same level Nolan asked in 'Inception'. But the film does not necessarily ask its audience to right away fully understand it, instead it begs you to feel it, to experience its dilemmas and tragedies and go through the same threads of emotion tangled up within the web of humanity's last possible moments, and the relationship between a widowed father and his children already leaning toward an anticipated end. Nolan's made sure that even the film's ideas are too far-fetched and may seem resting on towering intellectual grounds, it would nonetheless connect to its audience by delivering its message through emotionally-charged tales of human relationships, tangible enough to be felt and experienced.At its core, is retired NASA engineer, Cooper (McConaughey) and his relationship with his children—most strikingly with his daughter, Murph. Cooper's emotional journey—the decision he has to make whether to leave his family behind or join the quest to search for a new habitable planet—alone, serves as an effective vessel to transport the audience from Earth, right from the moment the spacecract 'Endurance' takes off from the ground, to the unknown limits of the cosmos. McConaughey delivers a stunning and highly-commendable performance, and while I can't say its his best, as I've managed to have seen only a few of his movies, I can certainly say it's one of the best I've seen from any actor, so far, and he may be owing that to Nolan's impeccable direction. McConaughey's incredibly brilliant portrayal of a loving father places him at the center of the story. There are plenty of nail-biting sequences here depicting his devastation after the choices he needed to make and still has to take, and in each one, he never fails to effectively convey whatever emotion the sequence requires him to deliver.Nolan's mastery of his craft screams in deafening volumes through his unblemished capacity to explore and raise the layers of the film's characters and put their stories in right places and in valid highlights within the film, and that works best with the help of brilliant musical score orchestrated by the equally impeccable Hans Zimmer. Added with breath-taking cinematography and spectacular visual effects, together, these elements, make 'Interstellar' capable of weaving a human story powerful enough to intrude through our delicate emotional senses, delve into our humanity and still go beyond that. Nolan's managed to tread through the film's seemingly absurd scope and ambitions without losing focus on the one powerful element that seems to keep the film's aspects bonded together: LOVE. As chiché as it may sound, that may be the only thing that is right away understood and easily felt in the movie. There are a lot of questions raised, and each one poses another, but none of which really requires immediate answer, and by not losing grasp of the mystery of love, and the power it can deliver to make human connections tighter and even closer amidst the ever widening physical distance between the characters in the film, Nolan comes out victorious in making the audience feel and understand 'Interstellar' and have its questions answered, in a way that doesn't necessarily oblige us to just think, but also to make our emotions work as well, so we can have the experience the film wants us to go through.Sure, it can't be perfect, I myself noticed that it lacks focus with its narrative (this either because I find it hard to solve Nolan's puzzle-like construction of the story—LOL—or the narrative' s really not just that good. If you have seen Memento and Inception, the construction here is somehow similar as those two) and some respected critics even argue this one can't be Nolan's best, and I haven't seen all his works yet, either, but for me, it really isn't that hard to put this on the list of the best sci-fi movies I've seen so far. Nolan has put up together a perfect ensemble of outstanding actors, whose powerful performances, IMO, are enough to cover the flaws. Not a single bit of every actor's potential is put into waste, here; everyone has a star to shine in this universe Nolan created. Hans Zimmer's music seems to never go out of sync, in fact it almost always goes in harmony with the dramatic highlights of the film. Visual effects is never less than top-notch; the imagery presented in this film is utterly jaw-dropping, so expect to have your breath being repeatedly taken away by the frequent outburst of colors effectively employed to establish distinctions between the dimensions. All those elements are satisfyingly sufficient to create the deciding impulse needed to bring the movie to where it aims to arrive.'Interstellar' is a thought-provoking and mind-enriching motion picture, a grand and brilliantly depicted visual spectacle not bereft of human emotions, one of the best of its genre in a very long time. If this movie gets proclaimed as a classic in the coming decades, that definitely isn't going to come out as a surprise.This Christopher Nolan film deserves my 10 stars. :)

OK, I've just seen Interstellar and I can tell it's one of those movies that you either love or hate.Personally I loved it and probably I'm going to watch it again to process it a little bit more. It's not a simple movie, maybe that was already clear, is a Nolan's film.Matthew McConaughey does a great job by portraying Cooper. The most touching scenes are those between his character and Mackenzie Foy, who plays the younger version of Murph, Jessica Chastain character. Either it seems to be an "Outer Space Film" is more about human relations and how important is for us to be linked with others.Even it's a long movie, 169 minutes, I didn't felt it that long or tedious. The director managed to keep us engaged through the whole film.
The experience on IMAX in 70mm film. The image quality perceived was superb, now I get why Christopher Nolan and other directors are fighting to keep film alive.I had the opportunity to watch it at the Chinese theatre and was a great experience, my first time in that theatre. The staff from the theatre even told us that Nolan himself watched several scenes of the movie in that theatre to "calibrate" the experience. Which is very cool.Well, I encourage you to go and watch Interstellar to see of you love or hate it.The ones that you still think of weeks even months later. The ones that make you think and leave you breathless. The ones that inspire you to want to change your life after a mere two and a half hours.I watched this movie the first time over a month and a half ago and it still crops up in my mind. The thought of space travel excites me along with countless others and this movie has literally made me rethink my life choices and pushed me into wanting to become an astronaut. As childish as it sounds, its true, because its one of those movies. Interstellar has become my new favourite movie by far.Bravo Nolan what a great human bean.Not many directors have the clout of Christopher Nolan. Most of them receive notes from their fretting studios: suggestions (or demands) to change plot points or highlight certain characters/actors, which must be adhered to for contractual or financial reasons. With huge, intelligent blockbuster successes like the Dark Knight franchise and Inception, Nolan has deservedly won carte blanche from Warner Bros. for Interstellar - he gets garguantan sums of money and complete autonomy to realise his artistic vision. In effect, he's making an indie movie on a blockbuster scale. Ironically, this lack of oversight might be just what keeps Interstellar - a very good, occasionally brilliant foray into the furthest reaches of our galaxy and beyond - from greatness.Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), a former pilot and engineer, is now reluctantly scraping together a living as a farmer on a starving Earth. With sandstorms swirling and food supplies dwindling by the day, it doesn't seem likely that Cooper's children, stoic Tom and inquisitive Murphy, will have much of a world left to inherit when they grow up. While investigating a "ghost" in Murphy's bedroom, Cooper deciphers a message that brings him to a top-secret NASA base. Once there, Cooper learns from his former mentor, Dr Brand (Michael Caine), that NASA is looking for solutions to Earth's crisis in other galaxies. A recently-opened wormhole has given NASA and its scientists access to a whole new galaxy of planets. Brand appeals to Cooper to pilot the final and most important mission: to determine whether any of three identified planets can truly host human life. But it's a journey from which Cooper might never return - one that will take him away from his kids and everything he has ever known and loved.That's not even the half of it – Nolan's narrative is a sprawling, ambitious one that asks heavy metaphysical questions about the position and role of humanity in the universe, filtered through the prism of a father and daughter whose bond transcends time and space. It's shot through with complex scientific theories about wormholes and time travel courtesy of theoretical physicist Kip Thorne (who served as a consultant on the film). Indeed, much of Interstellar plays with such philosophical gravity that one can't help wondering if it's simply too deep a subject to be effectively communicated in a movie that must also create emotional stakes and real characters.Clocking in at almost three hours, Interstellar pulses with intelligence and occasional bursts of brilliance. The science and emotion of its story works best on each planet they manage to visit, with Nolan crafting some chillingly smart sci-fi moments amidst the human drama experienced by Cooper's crew. As badly as Cooper wants to save enough fuel to make the return trip home, Amelia Brand (Anne Hathaway) has both professional and personal stakes in visiting the planet that's furthest away from the wormhole. They trade hope for time, the minutes they use to hunt for salvation translating into the loss of decades with their loved ones. The film is at its best when the members of the Endurance - including David Gyasi's Romilly and Wes Bentley's Doyle - confront one another, and establish contact (or fail to do so) with the scouting teams that preceded them through the wormhole.
But Interstellar also suffers from a bloated and faintly silly final act. The science of it may be well-founded (who knows, after all, what miraculous answers really do lie within a black hole?) and the concept very cool, but it doesn't quite translate as such. Instead, the film hyper-blasts itself into a oddly cheerful (and confusing) ending that feels purely fictional and not at all scientific. There's no denying, either, that Nolan could have carved half an hour or more out of Interstellar without losing any of its narrative or emotional density. Instead, many scenes unfold in an almost obstinately languid fashion, including a moment when Cooper is left gasping for oxygen on the icy terrain of an alien planet. It's pretty evident, too, that Nolan really wanted to make sure his audiences knew how little greenscreen he used to make the film; for no other discernible reason, his camera lingers in extreme close-up - and far too often - on the exterior shells of the various spacecrafts designed for the film.Nolan can afford the best when it comes to his cast as well, and it shows. McConaughey anchors the film with a gravitas and tenderness quite unknown before his career McConnaissance, and he's ably supported by a steely Hathaway, whose character, just like the film she's in, blends cold, pragmatic science with a churning wealth of emotion. Jessica Chastain and Matt Damon, in roles perhaps best left unspecified to avoid any explicit spoilers, are excellent too - the former radiates quite enough warmth and intelligence to make us believe that she can save the world, and the latter admirably treads in morally grey areas to good effect.For months before its release, Nolan kept Interstellar firmly under wraps. Everyone speculated that it would be a game-changer - a sci- fi blockbuster as thrilling and thought-provoking as it is entertaining. In some ways, that's true of the final product: Nolan's film is brave, brainy film-making, and it looks absolutely spectacular. But, on closer examination, Interstellar loses some of its gloss and varnish - and beneath it all lies an unwieldy script that meanders a little too long and wastes a little too much of the big, breathtaking ideas that underpin its story.

I will keep this short for the sake of not spoiling anything.Right off i should say I love Nolan. I adore most of his movies, and Interstellar is no exception. It is a marvelous piece of work whose visuals will be hard to forget. His shots of space and the way he played with colors is rather masterful. Maybe i expected it to be greater than what i saw, but even though i was moved by the movie i did not quite feel like he created something great with 'Interstellar.' This could be attributed maybe to his overuse of sentimentalism in the father-daughter relationship he creates. Nolan really tries to make you cry with this one. I have never seen him use such powerful emotions in his movies; however that is not necessarily a good thing for this movie, given that he uses his time trying to develop a family relationship at the expense of flow and congruency. Again, the Visuals are completely off the charts. The visual imagery is truly beautiful and something that Nolan has always excelled at. Given that the most visually stunning movie in recent years, Gravity, recently came out, Interstellar does not lag behind and shows you a spectacle of Visual effects.He will most likely win Visual effects at the Oscars. The Hans's score is marvelous and will most likely earn an Oscar nomination. Matthew Mcconaughey's acting is good, but nothing stellar, especially coming off the best acting role of his career. He plays the character like it should be played, but Nolan's characters never being truly drawn out or rounded does not help him any.The same can be said for the rest of the cast. The little girl was marvelous though. I do not want to reveal any piece of the story whatsoever, but i have to say, it is one of the most original scripts i've ever seen.Ultimately this movie is entertaining. There is no way Nolan can miss that. Another great thing that Nolan excels at is INSPIRING. By the time the credits rolled and people walked out, I sat there still in awe at the strong sense of human will the movie conveys. Personally, I don't think this is Nolan's best. I believe Memento stands as his masterpiece. But with Nolan, everyone has their own favorite movie. Maybe for some, Interstellar will be their favorite movie, for it is really Nolan's most ambitious and visually-striking work.By the way, Anyone else who even tries to compare Interstellar to "2001: A Space Odyssey" is out of their mind. Kubrick's mission was to create art. Nolan in "Interstellar" sets to awe and inspire its audiences. It is truly a great piece of work.
Bad-ass... is the adjective which I choose to type the first word of this review. As I left the theater I was not only spellbound, but I was also sulking about the fact that the movie had ended.The movie has a slow pace at the beginning, but not really boring. Steady and unique in its nature, I did feel that this movie might end up like last years blockbuster 'Gravity' starring Sandra Bullock and George Clooney. With every minute that passed, I could feel the importance of time, which let my prejudice drain away. With twists and turns, but not brain-spraining at all, it did make emotions come at par with adventure.Great acting by Matthew McConaughey did overshadow Anne Hathaway. With an epic storyline and Nolan's direction Space, Galaxy and the Universe did reach a whole new level.I would love to rate this movie 10 stars without a second thought because it reached the depth of my heart and left me speechless. This movie is not a movie which is meant to be wasted by watching it at your laptop or TV. It's buck worthy and a must watch for all the people who wait for some new serious, touching, heartwarming, adventurous, Science Fiction and Oscar deserving movies of all time. Hat's off to both the Nolans!
I am a Nolan fan but, and perhaps that's why, I see Interstellar as a failed magic act. The multi-layered surprise and amazement that we have come to expect of Nolan's films did not deliver. I believe this particular film, like Prometheus, failed due to the maker's inherent desire to create an epic - it took on too much, tried too hard and did it all wrong.

I'm willing to suspend disbelief for the sake of artistic creativity, assume space suits and modern telecommunication systems pass unscathed through black holes (and really, who knows?) but there are things that cannot be excused with the budget and resources at the disposal of this genius film-making team (such as bad script and poor plot planning).

IDEA / PLOT The overarching idea is good, if not new. I found it hard to feel amazed by the (too many) plot twists. Ultimately the combination of all of them was tepid. We were expecting Murphy to be older than Cooper midway onwards. Murphy's brilliant solution leading to mankind's escape from earth failed to awe. Firstly - a massive stretch on the Morse code / quantum data, secondly - the two laugh-out-loud "eureka" moments - and thirdly, the "aha" factor on seeing the new, curved reality space station was completely missing that feeling - "aha, so that was it, that's what it was all about". More failures - Matt Damon segue and the very overdone "ghost" revelation.

SYMBOLISM / KEY TWIST The portrayal of the time dimension within a three dimensional world in the form of the undulating bookshelf wall was beautifully rendered. However everything else about that scene felt wrong - the space-suited Cooper - would he have stayed in exactly that form inside a singularity even if future advanced beings - them / us - have helpfully carved him a neat 3-D nook in a 5-D world? This needed exploration and some complexity. The continuation of his radio communication equipment felt way too convenient, the whole frantic scene "explained" again by the unexplained rush that's a hallmark of this film.

So, although the symbolic setup was good, I had to work hard to suspend disbelief - to get Cooper to the back of the bedroom wall and have him throw out clues using gravity and love as forces transcending dimensions - why back of the wall? Why not front? Why did the space-time continuum stop him there (that you can't go back in the time dimension, does not explain how he could gravitationally interfere with that particular room - in the past - and why he couldn't, I don't know, leave a Morse code message to himself well before all of this happened? Also, why his daughter? We get no clue in the first part of the film why this duo in particular is chosen, the only hint to Murhpy's future proclivity for the sciences coming from a penchant for decoding Morse and Michael Caine's all- forgiving view of her as a"firebrand" or something such.)

PACING / DIALOG Plot pacing was terrible (variously too slow and too fast). Dialog was terrible. It would have benefited from further revision and thought around how to present this particular story to the layman. I found myself wondering how an actor of Matt Damon's caliber did not just wave a huge red flag when he had to say why Prof Brand knew the mission would fail -"because he could not reconcile quantum physics with the theory of relativity" (not a direct quote). Even if he isn't a physicist. The only lines I can still recall liking in the film are by Dylan Thomas (also overused).

PRESENTATION I write this with only an armchair enthusiasm for physics, familiarity limited to the most dumbed-down works of Stephen Hawking. I found most of the science concepts used very trite - wormholes, black holes, relativity, time dilation - trite because of their portrayal as convenient plot tools. Having agreed in an extreme and completely unexplained hurry to leave his family behind perhaps forever, we then find out that Cooper needs to be told these concepts one at a time using, at varying moments, a folded paper pierced by a pen, oyster/pearl metaphors, and a suddenly-presented love interest for Anne Hathaway (that plot point on love being an unexplained force was particularly deeply unconvincing). I understand some of the angles needed to be explained to most people, but Nolan has done hard things more elegantly in the past. That is where one expected Nolan to deliver.
As things were it made you wonder the entire time why this crew was the best of humanity. Murphy's law, indeed.

ACTING Matthew McConaughey's drawl was sporadic and seemed unnecessary. His character did not convince me either that he was the guy who is most capable of being spontaneously recruited for an urgent NASA mission (and what if he had refused?), nor that he was the guy who loved his daughter in a unique way that transcended dimensions (or more so than anyone else), nor even as a suitable candidate to return from this odyssey with all its shenanigans through black holes, gyrating space stations and a cracked space helmet (!) We never know his history well enough. Anne Hathaway and the rest of the crew were no more impressive. Michael Caine was convincing, but ultimately confusing, as his confession left more questions asked than answered.

TARS stole the show, and should have had more lines.

EFFECTS / SCORE The effects were not comparable to Gravity. I wondered why their spacecraft was not equipped with the basic equipment to check metrics / giant waves / frozen clouds / landing conditions when any commercial satellite today will do that for you and tell you where you are to a foot's accuracy. But, details.

The score was beautiful, and one of Zimmer's best. What a waste.
It is beyond me how people can claim the movie to be 'brainy', 'intelligent', 'well written'... With all the things I read about the movie prior to seeing it makes it the biggest disappointment I've experienced from cinema in years. I give 1 star to bring balance to the current rating, in reality this movie is of course not that bad. The whole idea behind the plot is that McConaughey ended up in this blackhole where 5 dimensions were compressed into 3 dimensions and stuff, and where he was able to manipulate gravity by sending his daughter the message which was imperative for saving humanity. So what in fact happened is through this ridiculously improbable chain of events McConaughey ended up inside this blackhole. All this was apparently the result of a bigger plan all along. Was there really no easier way for (future humans/aliens) to transmit this data, and if they built this time-space warping machine inside the blackhole - means they had access to the data all along? And also means they chose McConaughey daughter on purpose? So I don't understand, what was this purpose? Could they not have connected their portal to professor's office a long time ago, or go for one of the ten billion more rational alternatives? On a side note: is it not funny how McConaughey ignored the message NOT TO GO from the same 'ghost' yet followed the rest of the directions? While in the end of the movie he idiotically repeats his feeble attempt. Had he added 'it's you dad' or any other sensible hint he would have saved his daughter years of suffering (and maybe a lifetime for himself when he realises this). And I don't even want to get into how ridiculous it is that he transmitted data by moving the hands on the watch, which was unaffected after being picked up, meaning it was hardly gravitational manipulation was it? What was the point of trying to be scientific and trying to explain it in this way then. If he could do that, he ought to have found a better solution that did not require his daughter 25 years to figure out. And anyway, they saved humanity by building this massive station named after his daughter (by that time they knew what he went through and they still named it after her?). Why couldn't they have done the same thing on Earth? Just build the same goddamn station on Earth without needing to harvest their gravitational energy bullsh*t, bam, humanity saved in the same way. Grand ideas don't make great movies if you can't deliver them properly... It is atrocity to compare this to Kubrick's masterpiece...
The universe is full of fascinating facts. It's mind-bending to contemplate, for example, the awesome size of our galaxy. Light travels 186,000 miles per second and yet it takes 100,000 years for a single beam of light to cross the entire Milky Way Galaxy. And our galaxy, to quote Carl Sagan, is only one among billions and billions. The vastness of space truly is stunning.

But thanks to a "worm hole" the folks in Interstellar leave the Milky Way in a cosmic snap of the fingers. And yet, having just achieved this most amazing of all feats, our heroes are pretty much bored to tears. Instead, everybody is more concerned with some father/daughter relationship that wasn't developed in the first place.

Look, if you're going to make a movie that purports to explore the fascinating mysteries of the universe, then do it! Have some wonderment in the story. Dazzle me not only with visuals, but with amazement at the astonishing scope of our universe. And why not produce a script that obeys the laws of astrophysics, or at least some theories thereof?

This movie takes something that would dwarf the Apollo lunar missions and turns it into some ridiculous "Plan A/Plan B" tediousness. I suggest instead watching "Through the Wormhole" with Morgan Freeman or re- watching "2001: A Space Odyssey." Heck, even "Contact" with Jodie Foster is far more entertaining and imaginative than Interstellar.

And yet. . .9.2 stars!

I'm not saying 10-star reviews on this site are phony; after all, major film critics also are raving about Interstellar. Unfortunately, I find most professional film critics about as credible as the physics in this movie.

Frankly, Interstellar is a boring movie! And if that puts me in the vast minority of reviewers, fine, I can live with that. Because I have minimum standards when I pay $11 for admission and $8.50 for large popcorn.

Stay home and read a good book instead, or just gaze out at the night sky and reflect on our amazing universe.
Science fiction fans don't need everything spelling out for them. That's why the narration was removed from Blade Runner. That's why 2001: A Space Odyssey has no dialogue in its opening and closing twenty minutes. That's why R2D2 doesn't speak English.

There's a scene in Interstellar in which Matthew McConaughey explains the origin of his daughter's name. To his daughter's face. This blunt method of explaining Murphy's Law to the audience is just one example of the unnecessary exposition which Interstellar's running time is so bloated by. It is also the first of many inferior echoes of Contact. In Contact, James Woods explains Occam's Razor in a similar fashion, however it is justified by the court of law context in which the scene takes place.

More significantly however is the lifting of a major theme from Contact in which Jodie Foster never fully moves on from the loss of her father. Jessica Chastain's character here does likewise, only without the emotional resonance because she is so bitter that it's hard to sympathise with her. The other female character in 'Interstellar' (yeah there's only two) also spends all her screen time pining after a man. Feminists - stay away!

Another silly moment is the shot for shot homage to Event Horizon. This is when one scientist explains to another scientist what a wormhole is. Which is like a driving instructor explaining to another driving instructor what biting point is. It wouldn't happen, like, ever. At least when Sam Neil gave the low down on wormholes in Event Horizon he was addressing blue collar workers so it was, once again, justified by context.

Perhaps the goofiest thing in the whole film is TARS, a computer with delusions of being the next HAL 9000, which is actually nothing more than metallic origami. Have I mentioned it knows a joke? Yeah it has been programmed with one joke and it uses this joke many times. The joke is that humour is quantifiable by percentage.

Why watch this when you can watch Contact, 2001: A Space Odyssey or Silent Running? Why go for Christopher Nolan's take on Dust Bowl migration when you can read John Steinbeck's instead?

On a positive note there are some cool graphics to look at. You know, like the cool graphics in The Hobbit or Transformers.
This movie is amazing. Of course it has unrealistic parts because this is Sci-Fi movie. But the end of the movie is silly I think. They had to finish the movie but they doesn't had enough time I think. But we didn't understand Cooper Station at that short time. But except that everything was perfect. VFX and Cinematography was perfect. This movie is the answer of "Will good movies come after 2010?" and the answer is yes.I just returned after seeing "Interstellar" again (2nd time) and I can say that my second experience was even more powerful than the first. I'm trying to find the right words to express the thrilling journey that is this film.

First I'd like to advice you to try and pay attention to every single line - nothing is said without purpose and everything is somehow connected. It slowly builds up with the beginning to this phenomenal emotional ride and it will not let go until the very end. It will keep you on the edge of your sit - literally -, it will make you cry, it will make you jump, it will completely absorb you. Throughout the course of it I forgot I was in a cinema. I was living every single moment with the characters, feeling what they're feeling. At times, I found myself staring blankly trying to comprehend its complexity - How can this be? Is this really happening? Can it be so epic?

The second time I saw it I understood the importance of every single scene and line, I saw more connection, more intricacy and (even) more genius in it. The first time it was grand and overwhelming, it just hit me hard and I couldn't really pay attention to details.

The emotional journey part was very important to me; but of course, there are the stunning visuals which contribute immensely and transcend you there, into the action. They were fantastic, superb, simply put, film-making at its finest.

This is all, of course, from my point of view - a super sci-fi, fantasy, adventure and all associated genres enthusiast. Although I cannot imagine how one, regardless of their movie preferences, can dislike "Interstellar" - it's that good.

What I'm obviously saying is GO SEE THIS MOVIE. Expect epicness. It will not disappoint.I am starting to think Christopher Nolan is making movies specifically for his family. "Inception" was a love letter to his wife, and "Interstellar" is a love letter to his children. You have to pay attention to the secret production names and certain scenes to get the clues but the secret production name of this one was "Flora's Letter" I believe - the name of one of his daughters. And of course, the story - a father trying to save his children and also get back to them.

I can overlook a lot of contrivances if I buy into the main idea and I bought into it - who would not sacrifice their own life to save their loved ones? But there are hundreds more ideas being presented here to consider:

The idea that "time" is not linear, but overlapping
The idea that time is a function of gravity (which is true, actually)
The idea that gravity can be used as a technology
And most importantly, the idea that the universe will move for love


This movie has the best movie robots of all time, better than R2D2 even.I saw this opening night (Thursday). I wanted the full monty. That means IMAX (I drove across town to get it). Wow! There are only a handful of films that have visually overwhelmed me and required a second go (or more). The first was 2001 A Space Odyssey. Star Wars Empire Strikes Back and Avatar come to mind for now. This was such a spectacle with a very complex script I'll admit I left the theater with a lot of questions. I knew it was a viscerally thrilling experience, I just couldn't fully explain the ending to my inquiring mind. I write this piece having seen this amazing film again four days later (No IMAX). OMG! I loved this movie even more tonight than four days ago. For me at least, it took two viewings for the grandeur of this project to reveal its power and intellectual reach. This is a science fiction film for the ages!It is incomprehensible to me that I watched the same movie that the majority of reviewers of this movie on IMDb seemed to. Perhaps I was unknowingly sucked into a blackhole, wormhole, or plot hole that most of the other reviewers of this movie managed to avoid. All I know is that my hard-earned money was sucked into this monstrosity along with me and for that I am truly regretful. Like a few other commenters, I had absolutely no feelings or connection with any of the characters, even hoping at times that they would all fail in their meaningless endeavors. A ridiculous premise with outlandish and unscientific bases, very little of this movie makes any sense at all. It amazes me that Nolan was able to draw the acting talent to this waste of time, as their considerable skills are completely wasted on this drivel.

I should note that on several occasions, I actually couldn't help but laugh out loud at the absurdity, and that fact was truly telling for me.

Mr. Nolan, et al - you owe me two hours and forty-nine minutes of my life back! OK, I'll keep this brief, but I'll also nail my credentials to the mast first. I know science, cosmology, sci-fi and film-making pretty well. I have, in the past taught film studies at degree level, and worked on the production of more than one major Hollywood sci-fi film. I read Stephen Baxter and I like space stuff a lot. More than a lot. And why am I telling you this? Because I should have loved "Interstellar", but I didn't for one simple reason: It is a truly dreadful piece of film-making.

I won't even bother with dissecting the "science" in the film, because that isn't really the issue (it is wrong on pretty much every level). I'm not even going to bother complaining about the absurd audio balance in the sound mix. And I'll ignore the sub-standard special effects - because FX don't a great movie make.

The issues I have with Interstellar are essentially these: The film is an arse-numbing three hours long, and feels far longer. The pace is stunningly poorly judged - the first hour in particular could have been cut to ten minutes and far more would have been gained than lost.

The characters are paper-thin, and I didn't care about any of them. The plot is entirely derivative (mostly of the vastly superior "Contact"). The special effects aren't special at all and the editing (or lack of) is so self-indulgent it is a text book example of a director so enamoured with his project that he loses objectivity. The result is a plodding, flabby, and desperately dull movie devoid of any real excitement or emotional impact.

I won't go on, but special mention must be made of the planets - Paddling World and Coldworld. You see virtually nothing of either, and so utterly uninteresting are they that what should have been a moment of genuine cinematic wonderment was squandered with a bit of poor CGI painfully inferior to "A Perfect Storm" and a location less dramatic than your own back garden.

I've probably not been a brief as I intended, but as I write this I feel the disappointment and actual anger I felt on leaving the cinema bubbling to the surface again. It was a total let-down and a waste of more than three hours of my life. The gushing reviews on here are ridiculous and absurd, and I am forced to conclude that reviewers either watched a different film to me, or saw something so brilliant it completely passed me by. I am fairly confident I didn't doze off, although I desperately wanted to.

So in conclusion, "Contact" did all of this far, far better, fifteen years ago. In Contact the characters are human, believable, beautifully realised and you care what happens to them. The relationship between Father and Daughter is deeply moving and inspiring. But then the plot is far more sophisticated anyway, dealing with the social tensions and impact of the discovery of extra-terrestrial life, the science is accurate and entirely plausible (it was written by Carl Sagan after all), the movie is genuinely thrilling and full of spectacle, and it has something very profound to say.

Contact is everything Interstellar is not, and it has a considerably shorter running time. Contact brought tears to my eyes, Interstellar bored me to tears. I do not know what kind of PR team the production team has hired to promote this film, but obviously they are doing great job as it has already higher score than Inception... Seriously guys??? This film has 5/10 stars at best, and even that for just potential. Rest of it is lost because the film has absolutely no logic to it.

Stupid, illogical and at times really boring and long. Even though I am no scientist, it was so stupid on so many levels with even the most basic of facts that I have no comments to this....

Set your expectations low- no way in hell does this film deserve any of that praise posted here.... This year is not very good for the sci-fi cinematography. Besides multiple unintentional parodies of the genre (like X-Men: Days of Future Past), there was actually only one big-budget movie worth watching: On the Edge of Tomorrow. It seems like Tom Cruise is one of the few Hollywood stars able to wisely pick roles. His recent achievements leave little to desire: Valkyrie, or Knight and Day are good at worst, with the high pitch of Oblivion. Are we able to say the same about Matthew McConaughey?

Unfortunately, not. Although his recent movies are above average (True Detective or Dallas Buyers Club), the latest picture he plays in, Interstellar (directed by Christopher Nolan and written by him and his brother), is a huge letdown and misunderstanding. I don't think anyone being fond of "hard" science-fiction stories will like it. Here is why.

Firstly, the story. It is in general similar to Mission to Mars or The Red Planet, where the handful of daredevils are put in the spaceship to venture on a mission, which result will impact the whole human race. Unfortunately, which is the usual problem in this case, the whole plot is neither engaging, nor entertaining. We have a bunch of uninteresting people making uninteresting things in space. Maybe because of the long time span of the picture, the viewer quickly gets bored and does not care about the main characters. Besides, the space adventure is mixed with the very personal story of the father trying to save his children (which is also a time-consuming thread here). Anyway, the main conclusion of Interstellar is the banal statement that "love is the most important thing in the world". Do we really need to sit for almost three hours in the cinema to get this?

By coincidence, the second problem is the length of the movie. Currently, when the the picture is recorded not on the tape, but in the digital medium, every director tries to surpass his rivals by creating as long movie as possible. Maybe it is supposed to be the emblem of his might, skills or wisdom? I have no idea, but the fact is that the contemporary blockbusters are difficult to watch especially because they last for three or more hours, having the plot for only half of this time. This is exactly the case with Interstellar. The presented story is far from complex, and could easily fit in two hours. In fact, the first forty minutes of the movie have nothing to do with the rest of the story and could be recapitulated by the narrator in two sentences...

This film tries to treat the topic of interstellar travel seriously. Unfortunately, some ideas are presented according to our current knowledge of physics and astronomy, while others are just stupid. This mixture makes the suspension of disbelief, necessary to enjoy such movie, impossible to attain. On one side we have wormholes, black holes, higher dimensions of space and the silence of the void. On the other hand, there is totally unconvincing reality of the XXI century, where farmers are more valuable than engineers (guys, really?) and tomography is (mysteriously) gone. In one scene the physicist explains convincingly the work regime of the wormhole (by the way, this scene is IDENTICAL to the one from the far better Event Horizon). In another, we see the mission robot TARS, being the member of the crew. I know that humanoid machines from fifties seem ridiculous today (like the one from The Day The Earth Stood Still), but they are really the top quality idea compared to the robots depicted in Interstellar. It is difficult to believe someone created such a model and the whole crew agreed to put it the picture! It's almost like the the wooden planet from the initial script of Alien 3...

The number of errors and non-logical events is just amazing. Anyone complaining about the lack of consistency in Prometheus (which was also much better than this one) will have the real hunting ground here. In fact, the more time passes after seeing the movie, the more nonsenses are detected. Don't think about this too much, anyway, its not worthy...

The Nolan brothers used their imagination a little bit too much in the final part of the story, where the word "magic" (interchangeable with "nonsense") comes to mind. As the result, the viewer is left at the end indifferent to what is presented on the screen and does not care about the fate of the characters... Please recall the infamous Black Hole, and You will have the impression of what is going on here...

The music is of course the extremely important part of every picture. If the composer knows his craft, the soundtrack complements the images, creating the flawless combo (as was in Terminator, Starship Troopers, Aliens, etc.). Here we have the attempt to create the epic atmosphere, but the events shown on screen are rather uninteresting, therefore the resulting impression is just the overwhelming noise, making the viewer angry instead of touching or moving him.

Unfortunately, it seems like making a good movie about the interstellar travel is extremely difficult. People like to go to the movies and see a good story. There are multiple requirements for the entertaining movie: the mystery, the convincing scenery, the real characters we could care about, finally, the emotional strain, often related to the dangers our protagonists are exposed to. Interstellar does not offer anything of these. It is a long and boring sermon about the future of Mankind in the universe, pretending to be the science-fiction movie. With this picture Christopher Nolan proved his only memorable work was Prestige and the Batman trilogy was not the accident, but the clear sign that his main achievements in Hollywood will be too long, boring and utterly disappointing pictures, initially rising hopes for a good time spent in the cinema, but leaving in a complete, sad disillusion after all. the sixth sense meets inception. makes you cry, sweat, and question your own actions in the face of these scenarios, if you approach the film wholeheartedly and ready for the ride then it will take you on quite a journey, and you'll only want to see it again and again. the music really does the job of keeping you suspended, Anne Hathaway and Jessica chastain do fine work, as does Matthew McConaughey, and the little girl playing a younger Jessica Chastain pulls at your heartstrings. i was really really pleased with this and wish it was getting as much attention and praise as it deserves, i think the writing was genius and it really had my brain working hard. you walk out of the theater and everyone around you is talking about it from the sidewalk to the subway ride home, everyone, it was really funny to see. At over 2100 reviews at the time of this writing, I guess there's nothing left to be said other than my opinion.

I'd probably need a PhD in Physics from MIT to understand half of the technological terms in the movie, but I still found it to be rather awesome. After reading some of the reviews here, I think a lot of people are taking this sci-fi fantasy tale way too seriously and literally.

Christopher Nolan's latest, which he co-wrote as well with his brother Jonathan, at 2 hrs and 48 min in length, can be ridiculously absurd one moment then quickly turn into riveting action the next.

Matthew McConaughy and Anne Hathaway lead a long list of screen notables here, too numerous to mention. I did want to mention that I thought Mackenzie Foy, as Murph, the 10-year-old daughter of McConaughy was terrific in her role.

I thought the musical score here was excellent, the wit and humor of the robot TARS (Bill Irwin) was on target. the special effects could be rather hokey at times but then other times were amazing, and the movie did contain a number of twists and turns which I liked.

All in all, despite its' drawbacks I found this sci-fi fantasy to be a rather awesome and epic ride. I got something out of this movie. I really did. It was 35 degrees Celsius outside the cinema and all I needed was a three hour nap in cool air-conditioning. Lucky me! The latest Nolan film, just there for the taking.

It started off as I hoped it would, all dusty on the porch of some ranch in the middle of the U.S. otherwise known as nowhere, the end of the world syrupy American-style, little kid tugging at the heart strings - my eyelids already beginning to droop even before Coop and his daughter Murph wind up at some place that some old cockney and his very Jewish daughter inhabit (guess it only happens in movies with a blind casting director), but that was fine, I was almost in REM sleep - not having been able to process a word of dialogue from McConaughey in over 20 minutes. Pure bliss.

And it got even better from an insomniac's point of view. Thanks to an absurd plot and woefully unimaginative CGI effects, my chin was almost on my chest when they landed on the first planet the other side of... well, let's just call it credulity. I don't sleep this well at home! Wait! We're going through another Kubrick-style time dimension - didn't we just spend half an hour on this planet re-using some special effects, this time made to look like giant waves, left over from Inception? I think so, but time warps so nicely when you're practically snoring.

I think we lost an astronaut somewhere. Maybe that's the game. Who's next? I hope it's the astrophysicist who explains wormholes with a moebius strip he forgets to twist. Either that or it was origami for dummies. Maybe that *was* the guy we just lost - hard to tell, they all act the same. Flat as the dialogue. Thanks guys. Anyway, we can only pray it will be Hathaway soon. She's starting to keep me awake. How can a head bob about so much in weightlessness? But I'm being unfair; I think I remember her trying to act some of this script. Brave move from an Oscar winner. I'm starting to want my money back.

Anyway, I'm roused a bit now and thus a bit grumpy. We're in another galaxy's version of Antarctica minus the faintest signs of life - this despite (because of?) the unzipping of a new bad actor. Fortunately, this actor goes even beyond his usual leaden deadness and I'm soon starting to lose consciousness again and time travel merrily back to the land of nod. I think there was a plot twist involved because this astronaut is trying to do a Dave and HAL routine. He must think he's in a good movie. Poor sod.

Did I mention there must have been yards of Inception on the cutting-room floor last time because I'm watching more and more outtakes? Gotta save a few million here and there.

I had a dream. I dreamed that Nolan would come up with a slew of insanely bizarre plot twists right at the end that would explain the entire reason for watching this flick. But they carried me out on a stretcher before I found out if it was true. Apparently, I was having a nightmare screaming "Morse Code! No! No! No! Not Morse Code! That's Spielberg!" at the top of my lungs and disturbing the other patrons' naps. I was obviously paying too much attention even comatose. I watched this movie yesterday. I was very excited after reading so many perfect 10 star reviews for this movie so I was expecting a perfect movie, really!

Before I continue, I must say I really love sci-fi movies, and I am deeply interested in black holes, time travel, wormholes, interstellar traveling. Wow, I couldn't think twice, this could be the perfect fit for me! I had really high expectations.

For the entire movie I was feeling like: "the best part of the movie should soon", but never came. I had hard time understanding what was really happening, and too many minutes of the movie were badly wasted in dramatic scenes of love, confusing speeches, formulas. All I wanted to see was the wormhole travel, spacetime and gravity distortion, galaxies, nebulae, etc. I mean, I wanted to see what is in the deep space, and what could be human life in a planet million light years away from us.

SPOILERS AHEAD

Maybe the movie drove me nuts, or I lost interest, but after they crossed into the new galaxy, all I felt was confusion. I never understood what was really happening, what were they rescuing, what were those 3 planets and how they knew too much about them, why was there a black hole? Even I tried hard connecting every scene and plot in the movie, I failed.

What I disliked the most was the fact that the feeling of discovering something AMAZING and new was not successfully transmitted to us. I wanted to feel that great emotion of discovering deeps space but I failed. Instead the characters talked about crazy physics and plans to save humanity. Not to mention the multi-plot scenes after the fight, totally no sense.

Please don't get tricked by this website and fake reviews ad I did. This is reason I signed up at IMDb (first review), to warn others. The idea of the movie is fantastic, but poorly developed and acted, totally confusing, too much cliché. Watch it but don't have high expectations as me, you will be disappointed. A good friend of mine, the writer Mark Shulman, once pointed out that our standards are being gradually eroded, so that sadly, we are left with less and less in lieu of a threshold of acceptability, finding ourselves not unlike frogs in a pan being brought to a slow, imperceptible boil.

Christopher Nolan and some of his cast are telling the press that Interstellar is a love story. I will take them at their word and assume that whatever else I picked up on was left there unwittingly, for the rest of us to parse through.

Considering how much pain is involved in traveling to and from a crowded movie theater on a Saturday night, I feel like it's my prerogative, when I have paid good money, to take a film apart if I am still hungry for substance at the end of it; and I WILL get my nourishment from something or other, if not from the movie's plot itself.

The first thing that strikes me, when I think back to the experience of Interstellar, is that it leaves me with nothing, emotionally - no takeaway. I did not care about any of its characters, or believe they were real, and I did not really worry about the fate of humanity (any more than the film itself actually does, beyond paying it casual lip-service).

I wasn't awed like I may have been by other wondrous space movies that Interstellar measures itself against (or steals from), and I am not compelled to go back and see any part of it ever again. (I suspect most viewers won't either, once the collective neophile contact high has passed.)

For starters, I do not like the moral core of the story: Interstellar is a film about "saving humanity" but it is unclear who will pay for humanity's failures. The film offers a great debate over where to repopulate, but none about what we have learned from having to leave our home in the first place. There is no therapy, no penance, no sacrifice. In a way, this represents a subconscious confession about our culture's moral failures: when we run out of spaces to consume, and out of fertile ground to slash an burn, we will have to look for new worlds to expand out into, since we cannot show self control and learn to care for what we have...

But enough psychobabble. A dysfunctional moral compass is not the worst thing about Interstellar.

The worst thing about the film is that, to quote my girlfriend, "It's OK to for characters to talk in pseudo-scientific gobbledygook when the show is Star Trek, because in Star Trek, they all have pointy ears."

Interstellar may be worth a glance, certainly for the photography and exciting visuals, but it is a buffet of messy ideas that fire in all directions. Clearly the script is not written by career screenwriters, but by a director who has freed himself from gravity and has achieved his own artificial self-sufficiency amid the vast nothingness.

The result is an often far-fetched and unintelligible, outlandish tale which takes an awfully long time to suspend the viewer's disbelief (and cringing), to finally arrive at a tepid plot after about an hour or so.

In hindsight, it makes perfect sense that Nolan's 'tightest' film is Memento, a dis-cognitive story told from the point of view of a man who is unable to string two events together, or to remember where he started.

Interstellar is not an intelligent picture, but a pseudo-intelligent one. It seems designed to appeal to the sort of audience who loves to be flattered with cheap shots - a sort of space odyssey version of "who wants to be a millionaire?" Its success resting entirely on the fact that every member of the audience gets to feel superior. To whom? No one knows. This technique seems to be trending within the Nolan's filmography.

For the rest, the picture is a narrative mess that trivializes space travel on a galactic scale, (black hole, wormhole, same difference,) and is often plagued by ridiculous star-studded cameos that shatter the viewer's concentration by landing in the middle of tense emotional scenes like a cockroach in your soup.

The film is oddly timed with elliptical cuts that compress the action into some often confusing edits, and only leave in lieu of dialog some awful scenes of trite, contrived exposition, filled with emetic pseudo physics, sure to give an immature modern audience raised on Batman a sense that they are building their cultural ego by agreeing with this farce. Worst of all, it feels long and never ending.

Sadly, good science fiction is hard to come by, harder than a good ordinary film even, and although this picture is somewhat entertaining, it fades away from the heart and mind, like the flickering green of the traffic light we just passed, as we head home from the cinema, once more.In the opening night, I walked out from the movie theater, totally disappointed to see one of my favorite directors has diminished himself to such a low lever of performance.

Poorly developing plot, immature explanation of astrophysics, unbelievable and unrelated events and characters, especial effects leveled to a Disney comedy, and horrible music are only parts of my negative impression.

Even Mathew McConaghey did not seem believable looking at her daughter, older than himself. Mat Damon probably did his career's worst acting. The robot was another annoying part. What did Anne Hathaway and two other guys add to the story?

Using a laptop to bring down a drown and control an inter-galaxy spaceship??? Finding a livable planet after passing through the worm hole, in "another galaxy" seemed easier than finding an ATM machine in a US interstate highway.

Why would a director hire a "Black-Hole-World-Expert" as an executive producer to explain a worm hole function by drawing a line on a paper and punch it with a pencil? Just reading the worm hole article in Wikipedia would give you much more sophisticated knowledge.

Mr. Nolan looked completely confused in delivering a solid message: Awareness of climate changes, saving human species, teaching relativity theory to common movie goers, or the power of love. Each of them bold and superficial. This is without exception one of the dumbest films I have ever sat through. Or perhaps it's a masterpiece and I'm too dumb to understand it? Anyway .....

Here are some of the things (the list is not exhaustive) that I could not get my head around.

There is a catastrophic failure in most of the crops of the world. And the entire scientific community simply shrugs and says, 'Oh well. Dem's the breaks' and does nothing. Seriously? Apart from that one dude in the 'super secret' NASA compound? Okay then.

A super intelligent, super advanced alien civilization has been watching us. They see that the planet is in peril. That more than six thousand million people will die from starvation. So they offer a solution. Not by curing the blight mind. No, that would be far too easy.

They construct a wormhole (they being five dimensional creatures 'n' all) close to Saturn ('cos Kubrick had already used Jupiter in 2001). The film makes a big deal about corn being the only viable crop still resisting the blight (cornmash beer anybody) but it's only a matter of time before that too succumbs. So It's a matter of great urgency that the astro-heroes get to the ol' wormhole as quickly as possible.

So the far side of the Moon would be a handy place to put it.

No, no, noooo.

They place the wormhole beside Saturn. So distant from Earth that it takes two years just to fly there.

And all the while any poor kids unfortunate enough to be called Dusty are getting the crap beaten out of them at Pharming College. Anybody for cornflakes?

Now NASA have already explored the wormhole. They know that it opens into another galaxy, beside a black hole and an assortment of potential new worlds. Because of the proximity of the planets to the black hole, time will be distorted and a couple of hours exploring these new worlds will translate to decades back on Earth. While back on ol' Planet earth the corn crops fail and the dust storms gather pace. So this was the plan?

By the super intelligent aliens? Is someone taking the p*ss? There were no planets anywhere that were ... um ... NOT right beside a black hole? Super intelligent? Doh!

And so finally, after a number of silly subplots, our hero finally descends onto the event horizon of the black hole (My God! It's full of stars?). And experiences time as a physical construct. But is he shown the origin of the blight that is wiping out the planet so that he might alert the scientific community? Hell no. He is shown his daughter's bedroom on the day that he left on his 'weekend getaway.' We see him getting really upset that his daughter isn't picking up on his STAY ...... STAY! gravity assisted message, even though he should remember that she shouted STAY .... STAY! to him on that day, and he left anyway. Sheesh!

And Zimmer's soundtrack? I hadn't heard about the soundtrack request came to him via email, without him ever seeing the movie. Explains a lot really. Presumably the email went something like 'If you produce anything orchestral like Kubrick, you're off the project.' So the soundtrack consisted almost entirely of ponderous bass heavy synth driven (in the cinema where I watched it) piercingly loud quasi classical discordance. Bear in mind that Kubrick chose the pieces by Strauss, etc., to assist him in editing the movie,and then realised that they actually fit perfectly, and so discarded the original soundtrack that he had commissioned.

Not Nolan.

NoSirreeBob! Email it in, Hans.

Who listens to the music anyway? Deeply, deeply disappointing.

And I loved Inception! OK, this is a rant. For perspective: I love movies/see everything in the theater/can enjoy almost all movies/love scifi. But I hated Interstellar! This movie makes nooo sense. Technoscience babble on Star Trek knows is makes no sense, Interstellar tries to make you belief it has a scientific bases, it does not! It rapes hearsay on about a dozen theories, but it's like a five year old read Hawking and then explains it to a retarded dog! I'm not even gonna say spoilers ahead, because spoiling something inherently means ruining something good, no chance of that here! First of, apparently there was a world war, people many died... but somehow with a reduced world population there was still not enough food, so everybody had to become a farmer.... seriously? that alone is a crappy premise that makes no sense. Bcs it's not like they are doing it manually! They have frigging robot harvesters. Also, no MRI scanners, but apparently we still harvest fossil fuels to keep 50 year old trucks going. There is a plague that kills crops....but apparently not tress/grass/bushes/ and other assorted plant life, just the edible ones. A dust bowl you say.... really bad production when in the shot the window still is full of dust, the wall boards 10 cm next to it are clean.... Also, in the car: masks on, in an old wooden rickety house, take them off... Man shows up at secret NASA base...oh what a coincidence, you used to be a NASA pilot , we're your old buddies! By the way TOMORROW! we are launching our only rocket. You can pilot it bcs our crew has only done simulators where as you flew it...once....10 years ago.... WTF!?!? This crew and you will spend 10 years together on a mission, but we don't need to do a medical check, psych profile OR even refresh our memory, just show up tomorrow dude! We launch into space, OK we need to dock with the big ship, switch to manual...uhhm, why would you do that????? Well we've been in technological dark ages for 50 years, but hey look we did happen to invent cryostasis! how convenient! We're on a spaceship with limited room, but your cryochamber for some inexplicable reason has to go down into the floor , why? we'll it looks cool of course! At this point we're only like 45 minutes into the friggin thing! So I'll speed up: Planets orbit a black hole, or only one does? where is the sun that is providing light, why doesn't it get sucked in? It's not OK to have the ship experience 7 years time delay, but the shuttle is OK. Big wave smashes shuttle on rocks, no damage! You were gone for 23 year, I didn't think you were coming back, but instead of continuing the mission I decided to sit on my ass and watch the black hole. Frozen floating clouds. Homicidal Matt Damon. Robots that are absolutely ridiculous.... really really really ridiculous...like lost in space ORIGINAL TV did it better. Robots walk in way that is not possible, take 4 pieces of wood and find out for yourself. Nothing escapes a black hole, not even light, but we can send in the droid and it can send out a signal... Also, black hole does give of light apparently. Somehow girl's part is bad acting both as a kid as well as an adult. CONSISTENCY AT LAST! We don't have enough fuel to visit 2 planets, but now we do, so everything is OK. Many years time delay,wake up on space station. Go back to help new colony, also time delayed, don't worry bcs we didn't bother to send anybody else the the last 100 friggin years. BLLEERGGHHHHH. My honest rating would be 6 for that movie but I rated it 1 to balance the "emotional" ratings. Cast and the part with Matt Damon were good. The rest was a bad combination of Gravity, 2001: A Space Odyssey, a bit Mr. Nobody in the wrap of a lot of useless drama... If you have a thinking mind which does not surrender to the dirty drama games of the commercial script writers then your brain cells will hurt like a b... after seeing that much nonsense. Unfortunately, that is the destiny of almost all movies playing with the time concept except the Back to the Future trilogy. What concerns me more than the quality of the movie itself is the number of blown-up ratings threatening the credibility of IMDb, which I always trust. Who are you people? Some fake rating generator AI? Thousands of people voting for 1$ per day? Last words: Don't go! They don't deserve your money because they did not put enough effort to create a meaningful story and I would accept any meaning in its own logic.I sacrificed myself, by entering a black hole in my spacesuit, endured a LSD trip of love to send you this singular message, not for me but for the good of mankind.

This is a movie which literally gets worse by the minute. Should your cinema be graceful and insert a break, USE IT, get out, the rest of this thing will seem to last 7 years. You'll probably realized the "heartwarming" end to it already anyway.

Apparently mankind was able to master robotics and an AI worthy of Star Trek but still uses current spaceships. Except when they don't somewhat later cause, you know, it just wouldn't have worked with all that landing and launching on other planets. Also it wouldn't have been impossible to send probes to the planets, because ... well, that wasn't in the script either. It was however possible, to think that a planet orbiting a gigantic black hole so close to its event horizon, that one hour stretches to seven years, might be a hospitable place to found a new civilization. Apart from all that nonsense reality like being sucked into it or getting grilled by gamma rays.

So I have wasted several hours, and even some minutes more to write this, but if it saves one soul from enduring this .... I went to watch this film, not knowing much about the background of the story or what it was exactly about. It started off well, although in my opinion it did drag on for a long period of time before they actually ended up in space. This does not effect the film though or my rating one bit, as it all worked out in the end and the build up was necessary! The special effects in this film are awesome, and are used in a way which I was literally at the edge of my seat, in shear anticipation, suspense and a slight sense of nervousness. Its very tense in many parts, and it certainly keeps you thinking. I don't know how people in the right state of mind can give this film a 1 star, or say 'disappointing', 'rubbish' 'stick to batman, Nolan'! These people don't know what they are talking about and are just trying to be picky and find a way to make the film look bad! Its a brilliant film, something suitable for all the family! Definitely a film for everyone, one of the BEST MOVIES EVER! "Do not go gentle into that good night; Old age should burn and rave at close of day." that was one hell of a dialog from the movie #INTERSTELLAR even though it was inspired from a poem.

Chris Nolan made a film which make's even science freaks also don't know some of 'em which he implied in the film. It is evidently clear that he doesn't like this 3-D world which instead he created 5-D world and made 'Time' as a physical quantity in his world. Literally there is no words to explain the ingenuity of Chris. The way he crafted the characters and effectively using technical expertise and screen writing definitely make us to taste 'Transcendence'. once again he proved that he is not a contemporary director but a director who evolved from unrealistic future.

Matt did a splendid job by portraying 'cooper' and express his emotions as a destitute and grief-stricken father was incomparable. Hans zimmer, he is at his best. Anne and Jess made justice to their roles. Matt Damon and Michael Caine played a pivotal role as well. Chris also made 'India' as part of his film because of 'M.O.M' i think, even though it is little about India i think. overall film is astoundingly superb with intense screenplay unless you detest physics or you lack keenness but its better to study a Lil'bit before 'bon appetite'. Remember "do not go gentle into that good movie".

#INTERSTELLAR and #INCEPTION are the best sci-fi masterpieces i've ever seen in this decade. Take a bow Chris Nolan and "orgoglioso DI es sere UN fan DI Christopher Nolan" The film outright fails for me, because it's about all the vital stuff in life, love, loss and new discovery as each one nested in the capacity of our minds for vision. But Nolan is a logician, a geometer who has to know everything in his narrative world in advance before he can construct it. So he doesn't get any of it in an intuitive way, an allusive way, a fluid way for appearances to suggest things.

He cites Zerkalo as influence, next of course to 2001, a masterwork with an elusive logic, not wholly tractable, not complete, not causal, a spontaneous capacity for images and connections between them. But he does the opposite, 2001, something tractable, complete, causal, not spontaneous. Logical.

(Cool tidbit. One of the great discoveries of the past century is a limit in formal logic that implies there's more that is true than provable in a given system, something that every aware creative person knows intuitively, axiomatically to be true. I like to think this is why Malick abandoned philosophy for the cinema, proof for expression. Flipped around it means that if you stick to what is strictly provable within your narrative you must miss out on some expressible truth.)

This logic screams at me in one particular strand of plot, the ghostlike presence in the girl's bedroom, at first mysterious, but it's actually Nolan's way of creating the explanation of what he's going to do inside the black hole, which is his way of creating the metaphor about love as a powerful force. How? An actual force that transcends spacetime! (Btw, all that fuss about a renowned physicist assisting the production and they go ahead and film all that black hole stuff?)

In other words the only way he can create metaphor is by having it be a plot device, so that the profundity of what happens to us must be accompanied by its narrative explanation; it only succeeds in reducing the intuitions we have (about love, connectedness etc).

What's left is Nolan's own journey in space towards images that expand understanding. This would be his most ambitious so far. Does he do anything interesting? The Dustbowl interviews show he wanted a more grounded approach, a good idea to start among cornfields. Better action than before. But still unimaginative.

A big indication for me was the scene after Coop wakes up from cryosleep and checks his messages from Earth; an entire life has gone by, and among all the possible images that Nolan could have put there to evoke that life, in a time when so much of our vision is mobile and we carry with us cameras everywhere (even more so in that near future), he gives us static monologues before a desk. The same teary tone. What a tragedy of inexpression!

The mind at play here is like the spectral Coop trapped in that boxed space behind bookshelves and able to see only loops.

Nolan gambled here of course, tried to elevate himself to more than contraptions; failed. It turns out he can only roar about that night which great filmmakers gently recall without explaining. Why this man is held in high esteem in a medium that should celebrate visual ability while a modern calligrapher like Shunji Iwai is an unknown says it. I have never in my life experienced such an emotional brake as I did today watching Interstellar! I left theatre shaking violently, crying and having I think 150 BPM. Every single piece of the movie from the story itself, visuals, music and acting is a perfect combination and perfection. I even can't find right word to give you proper review (partly because English is not my native)and summarization won't give the movie justice. The only thing I regret that I watched it dubbed (though in my country dubbing is really good) I advice t go see the movie alone on yourself as I did and it will pull you in from the first frame to this epic journey!

P.S. Oscars to Nolan and the movie right away! Yesterday I watched the movie "Interstellar". A poorly scripted and poorly directed movie with an over-simplified pseudo-science and spoon-fed philosophical implications, basically a typically overrated Hollywood movie which takes no shame in copying from 2001: A Space Odyssey from Kubrick with none of its beauty, simplicity and none of its art. It shows that in 1968 they were able to make a masterpiece and in 2014 they can't even copy it decently. The fact that on IMDb it has an higher rating than the Kubrick masterpiece makes me lose all faith in the progress of humanity and in our current generation. I will watch 2001: A space odyssey again to forget about it and restore faith in human kind again. If you saw "sunshine" and thought "wow, good thing they had scientist advisers, this stuff is so plausible", you will like "interstellar".

If you saw "armaggeddon" and thought "what an awesome movie, i just wished they would have dragged the scene where he says goodbye to his daughter out even more", you will like "interstellar".

If you saw "inception" and thought "this movie would be so much better in SPACE!", you will like "interstellar".

And if you liked "2001" or any other intelligent/geeky sci-fi movie, you will hate "interstellar".

Like some of Nolan's earlier works, it's long for the sake of length only. Its plot is up there with "armaggeddon" in pure stupidity and forced US-cowboy-patriot-macho-ism, its special effects are underwhelming, its plot twists are obvious, its setting makes no sense, its characters are flat and forgettable, and its constant citations of "2001" just serve to make you remember how much better Kubrick did all of this with a tiny fraction of the money almost 50 years back.

Disappointing. I am wondering if the people who write "intertstellar" 10-star reviews are actually sane, or if they base their opinion on a movie library completely deprived of everything that is sci-fi. Basically if the sic-fi component - most of which does not really happen until the end - is removed from the plot the movie by and large is a classic Hollywood soap opera. The worn-out rag of cliché family relations, all- American-dad, "complicated" love affair, unruly and a classic tomboy-girl, co-workers (more like co-idiots) who rebel and despite all common sense act irrationally, you know, to "up the ante"... it really makes up 90% of this movie. Up until half- way trough I honestly considered walking away from this boring tragedy which is the lack of creative talent on the part of the script writers and director. There are also very obvious holes in the plot, and not just irregularities but direct contradictions that even the most obnoxious sic-fi movies at least try to amend somehow.

I can not help but think that after watching Automata which was a breath of fresh air in many regards, this movie is like walking into a small toilet where someone just took a huge dump. It is literally that bad. What saves this movie by the skin of its teeth is the ending. So just watch that instead, because until then you could have just as well been watching an episode of Santa Barbara.

Spolers about ridiculous plot holes (as if the soap part of the movie is not stressed enough): 1) The stupid Dust Bowl recycled. Seriously? I am not even going to try to explain this because I'd need to re-post have of Wikipedia here, but it does not work that way. Not in the past - not in the future. 2) The moment NASA abducts the main character and daughter and questions them. Seriously? Maybe they should also have shot them on sight? 3) NASA's facility is top secret! Right... in the age supposedly after the present, when there are drones and google maps, they manage to hide a huge facility in some old James Bond villain fashion. 4) "LET'S GO TO ANOTHER GALAXY!". OK if the movie shows a fairly conventional rocket, carrying a futuristic "shuttle", WHY for the love of all holy would anyone risk going there - instead of looking in our own? What, they really expected to have better luck there - than in our own? They already searched the entire Milky Way? And what's even better - it "just so happens" there is a planet like a stone's throw away from the black hole and is NOT being consumed by it, and somehow a black hole which is now proved to be a collapsed star is anything BUT a collapsed star? Why... let's just start diving down toilets, because you know, they are not full of s*** but are actual doorways to different dimensions! Like dimensions of dementia perhaps! 5) Saving the best for last - I did like the ending. Despite its absurdity I did like it. Almost cried - if I were a 14 year old girl with especially fragile psychology, but I digress. The "machine" that allows the main character to conviniently contact his daughter in the future- past, is built by... the very humanity he is trying to save, that survived, and built the machine in the future. Lord have mercy, I will try to explain this... So basically if we consider all major theories about time travel, in order to change the future one must go there and change it, right? But here the future changes the past, and that past is what changed the future with the help of the future that is changed in the past with the changed future's help. Mind >>> blown! I bought a big Popcorn, didn't eat because it was making noise , I bought a big Coca Cola , didn't drink it, Because didn't want to go to make Pee, I breath from my open mouth , because I had cold and didn't want to be disturb by that,

This is my first review of a Great Movie,From my above words ,one can really understand how excited I was during this space Epic of Nolan and a great Contagious and poisonous soundtrack of Hans Zimmer , this movie made me forget about everything I had in my mind for almost 3 hours and at the End of the movie I was getting upset that this is going to be soon over and I just don't want it,

from beginning to the End , This Journey was full of excitement and surprises , this movie was like few other movies where you really don't know through every frames of movie , what you will find out next ,

i am fan of every Nolan's work and i also expected a lot from this Movie but coming out of the Movie i felt like not to mention anything about it and just to go back and sit in the middle to experience again

Many thanks to Nolan and Zimmer. During the emergency docking scene, I said to myself: "this movie is perfect". I couldn't fund a flaw. The story is enthralling and you feel the anxiety of the people who are struggling to survive and help others to do the same thing. There is a gravity to their work and they each show it well.

My favorite genre us sci fi. This is plausible scifi, which is my favorite subset of scifi. McConnahey is amazing as usual. The young actress who plays his daughter seems like a break out star who we will def see again.

The music is so good I'm learning a guitar transcription of some of the songs on the finger style guitar we site.

I've seen Interstellar 7 or 8 times. I'll watch it regularly for years to come. It's a classic of our time much like Inglorious Basterds. Expect very much from the cast and director. And all expectations fulfilled. The film is almost 3 hours, but they are not feeling. Time flies by. No slack in the story-line. Everywhere where there might be desired drool, snot or lengthy disquisitions - all collected in a couple of phrases and capacious video sequences. Nor any stupid nonsense about the Bible and God. It's Sci-Fi, baby! After viewing the impression left is not even like the movie, and how soundly from the book that you read with pleasure. Lots of thoughts left to think. The film, like a good book revealed to you something new, along with the author allowed to dive into his world. World, so close to ours. Very suggest targeting the film for viewing. Even if you do not like everything in the movie, you will get acquainted with one of the best representatives of the genre on today date. The Earth in the near future is a shell of what it used to be. The plant life is dying. The very soil that used to sustain it is destroying it. There are some underground efforts headed by Prof. Brand (Michael Caine) called Lazarus to find an alternative world to settle in somewhere out there in the vast reaches of space. Three such potential worlds have been found beyond a black hole near Saturn.

Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) is a retired NASA engineer who had been chosen to pilot this effort to seek out and investigate these alternative planets. Despite the stiff objections of his 10-year old daughter Murphy (Mackenzie Foy), he accepts the mission and lifted off together with his crew of three scientists, Amelia (Anne Hathaway), Doyle (Wes Bentley) and Romilly (David Gyasi).

From there, we are brought on an unparalleled adventure of space, time and humanity by a master who is probably the most mentally-challenging writer and director in the film industry today, Christopher Nolan. Front and center in this spectacular sci-fi film is the timeless bond between a father and his daughter. The poetic story he has written is multi- layered and emotional, despite its scientific jargon and bleak settings.

As with his other projects, Nolan works with some of the best technical talents, many of whom are award-winners in their fields. Everyone on this team are guaranteed at least Oscar nominations for their work in this film, and they may in fact all actually win.

Film editor Lee Smith, sound engineers Gregg Landaker and Gary Rizzo and musical scorer Hans Zimmer together effectively create excitement and drama. The cinematography of Hoyte van Hoytema is breathtaking especially in those wide landscape shots, both on earth and on those other planets. The visual effects are innovative as ever, particularly in the third act where a whole new dimension was created. Production designer Nathan Crowley had some nifty ideas for his futuristic props. The circular design of the mother ship Endurance was beautiful in its symmetry. The designs of the robotic sidekicks TARS and CASE are in no way similar those in Star Wars.

Matthew McConaughey continues his streak of acting excellence which was just capped by an Oscar earlier this year. Michael Caine was as good as he could be expected to be. However, I found his final speech too garbled to be understood well, and it contained an important plot point. Anne Hathaway's role is a bit of a puzzle for me. While she was actually managed to be credible as a scientist, she had a rather cheesy monologue that seemed out of place when it was delivered.

Three talented actresses portray the character of Murphy Cooper at different ages: Mackenzie Foy, Jessica Chastain and Ellen Burstyn. Foy goes way beyond what she was required to do in her two previous hit films the "Breaking Dawn" films and "The Conjuring". Chastain is such a riveting presence as ever, and it was good to see her again after her long break after "Zero Dark Thirty" and "Mama.". Oscar winner Burstyn's singular big scene made me tear up.

In the second hour, I was surprised to see a special, heretofore uncredited, big name guest star portray one of the pioneer Lazarus astronauts, Dr. Mann. This was more than a mere cameo appearance, as his character had a critical role to play in one of the many twisting episodes of this story.

From "Memento", then "The Prestige" to "Inception", Nolan had gone for the extremes in terms of plot development. His work is not always easily comprehended on first watch. They are thought-provoking and demanding in terms of a viewer's patience and concentration. "Interstellar" joins this stellar list, and we are brought to yet another dimension of time and space. 10/10. So, did I get this right? The essence of time-space relativity is that you're able to see a younger version of yourself from behind a bookcase, and shout in vain that you shouldn't do what you're about to do?

Yes, that's how silly this movie is. 'Interstellar' is supposed to be a film exploring Einstein's relativity theory. It shows how space travelers enter a 'wormhole' to find new planets where they can find a future for mankind, which is suffering from heat, drought and hunger on planet Earth. By doing so, they enter a parallel time frame where one hour equals seven years on earth. The problem is that the film is tackling this subject in such a clumsy way that it makes you laugh rather than anything else.

Take the robots that assist the space travelers during their voyage through time and space. Are we really to believe that thinking computers in the future would take the form of clunky metal boxes, assembled in such a way that they can walk on two legs? I would suppose an intelligent operating system for a smart phone or iPad would be much more convenient. In that respect, 'Her' was much more realistic.

I could go on. How about a top scientist saying things like: 'Only love transcends time and space, so why don't we put our trust in that?' Or how about handing the command of the space ship that's supposed to save the human race to a farmer who finds the secret launching pad by coincidence? And how about the only woman in the crew being in love with another space traveler who is lost somewhere on another planet?

Apart from this, there are several other things about this film I didn't like. The over-the-top soundtrack, filled with some sort of church organ music. The artificial dialogues, mostly intended to explain unexplainable things. The numerous melodramatic and tear-jerking scenes. The subtle message that love is superior to science. The countless scenes of the space ship shuddering and rattling, as if it were a Boeing flying through a patch of turbulence.

I had hoped this big budget production by a talented director like Christopher Nolan could appeal to non sci-fi fans like me. But I was disappointed. This movie is genius... What? Seriously? First off, possible spoilers, although I'm mostly going to try to avoid them. Second off, SERIOUSLY??? Third, it's not really a one star movie. It's like 5-7ish depending on how you want to weight various factors. I'm just doing this because all the hype, and all the "stellar" (pun intended) reviews are blowing my mind and need to be balanced out.

This movie is OK. I'm a sci-fi geek, and an apocalypse movie geek. This was kind of supposed to have both, so how could I go wrong? Easily apparently. If you like movies that actually make sense, this film is not for you.

If you have any common sense or a logical brain you'll know what I mean when you see it. For me this film falls into the "big flashy substance free summer blockbuster" category, aside from the fact that it was released in fall. If you like big flashy special effects movies with no substance you'll probably love it, because you're OK with just going for the ride. If you like movies that make sense and have cohesive plots, you will likely be irritated when this strays from those lofty goals... And stray it does. A lot. He TRIED to make a great movie, but ended up with one that doesn't quite get there.

This movie, like so many movies with generally promising plots falls down all over the place in the execution... Or more specifically, the script itself. Special effects were killer with lots of great visuals. All the "directing" portions of the movie were well done. So I suppose I can say Nolan did a great job directing the movie. All the actors were just fine... The problem was with what they were told to act out. So Nolan did not do a good job as writer. Perhaps he should stick to directing which he is quite good at.

Let me say this, I'm NOT a pompous, arrogant guy in real life. But sometimes I wonder if having a couple dozen IQ points over average just RUINS films for me. So many movies have everything this one does. Good basic premise. Good acting. Great special effects. Horrible scripts that make absolutely no sense for anyone with a brain.

So where to begin? In my opinion a huge percentage of movies, especially sci-fi, require that you accept a basic premise. Many of them do not make sense. This can be OK. You just have to roll with it even if it's a little off. Think zombie movies. I love zombies... But really with the setup/explanation of how most zombie viruses spread, and how awesome our military is, and how slow zombies are (or even if they're fast zombies), it's a ridiculous premise. The mess would last about a week, and then get under control. How exactly does a zombie take out an Abrams tank again??? But I roll with it.

This movie's basic premise is slightly flawed, but not so much so that it HAS to completely ruin the movie. There are cases where the basic idea is so bad I can't get past it, but this isn't one. Earth is basically overwhelmed by bad weather, and crop killing plagues. It happens in real life. The Dust Bowl was rough, and so was the Irish potato famine. The truth is that we could deal with those easily on Earth, but let us pretend we couldn't and move on.

My problem is with the endless series of things that either outright don't make any sense, or things where you have to stretch it pretty far mentally and basically "cover up" for the writing by buying into implausible, silly reasons for things. How exactly does everyone still drive around gas guzzling trucks, and yet are enthralled by a few small solar panels they can pull off of a UAV? How do they have all this infrastructure for pointless things, yet they can't keep control of said UAV, or like make parts for their robotic farm equipment they rig up from scraps? That's the first like 2 seconds of the movie. This movie is a death of a thousand cuts. Going point by point would take way too long.

In my opinion this movie didn't have any "deal killer" plot holes. As in no one thing completely made my head instantly explode. But what did happen was by the end of the 2nd hour there were so many little silly things piling up that it just went beyond the pale. There's plenty to be desired in terms of the time dilation stuff making sense, but most of it does if you think it through logically and do the math. Perhaps not 100% though. To me it just had a general vibe of meh with a lot of little stuff.

Then there's the non logical portion of the story, AKA the human story, also being meh. It's like they kind of want you to think Cooper and Brand had a love thing maybe? Or at least Cooper does for her... But then no development. But then he rushes off at the end after her... Is that a platonic hero thing, or was that supposed to be the big romance story? You don't even know because it was such a mess. It's not that the actors couldn't have acted it out fine, but it just doesn't happen. I found myself not really caring about any of them much because none of them were developed. Cooper was a pretty cool dude, but other than that I didn't take a lot away.

That's it. I'm done typing. In short feel free to watch it, but just be forewarned if you have an analytical mind that you will find many portions of the movie causing minor brain aneurysms. What an incredible film, a mesmerizing ride from minute 1 to minute 169. I couldn't believe when it ended that it was already finished; time appeared to go away quickly when watching this in the theater and remember when it ended, I wished there was more of this epic movie.

Great directing, great performances, the effects/sets could have been better (I like my detail which unfortunately some scenes/effects lacked) and you got to take a big leap of faith to ignore the obvious paradox. If you do the latter, you will enjoy a Nolan's masterpiece.

One of my top ten movies of all time and most likely the best sci-fi I have ever watched. Interstellar is mediocre. The story is chock full of cheap clichés ("Love is the 5th dimension!"), over-layered with arcane science for believability and story points that are never explained.

The movie makes sense until Matt Damon. Up to that point, the quantum mechanics and astrophysics hold up, more or less. Although If you know you're going to age by 5 to 15 years on the water planet, why leave that one poor guy on his own? It's kind of heartless and that's when I started doubting the movie. But OK, fine. I can live with that.

Then they head for the ice planet. And, all of a sudden, "gravity is the force that transcends time" and "your mind fights death so you can see your children".

All downhill from there, way into deep space 9. The movie takes a turn for the worse: A nonsensical allegory about how humanity can be saved thanks to the power of love between a father and his daughter. It's endearing, but incomprehensible.

Granted, the movie's pretty. So I gave it two stars. The actors? Love all of them. That's another 2. But I simply cannot live with a script that's nonsensical and full of stuff we're supposed to take at face-value, because it's Christopher Nolan, and he's an otherwise brilliant director: What was Michael Caine trying to not solve? What is all the research about? And, sci-fi directors: Please, drop the blackboard and chalk cliché. We technology people use computers now. Blackboards were useful when Newton was running things. Now? Not so much.

It sounded like (but I'm not really sure) the five dimension bookcase, which lost me completely, was invented by humanity in a very distant future as a communications device. But then I also have to assume that that future humanity has really awesome technology if it can pull that kind of prowess. Then, why not simply invent a cellphone that can bridge time? Why not just send an email with the data component that's missing? Why would anyone have to take a chance taking a dive into a black hole to get it? And how is that future humanity saved anyway? And: How does the robot, whose location in space is never explained, come in possession of that data? And do 21st century communications really work in a black hole? Going back to the Michael Caine thing: What's the precious data component that he was missing? What does the ghost send in binary format to his daughter? (sounds to me like a lot of zeros and ones).

And how does humanity get saved? Do they invent some sort of galactic Noah's ark to get people off the smoking pile of carcinogenic garbage that Earth has become? Could they not do that before? I'm sure they could.

How does a human being in a space suit even survive flying into a black hole? Or maybe that's not what happened. I'm just not sure.

The list goes on and on. the movie is a confusing hodge-podge of pseudo-philosophical-pseudo-scientific mess full of circular logic and loose ends. It's intended for (1) sci-fi dorks who tend to not over-think things (2) Nolan worshipers and lovers of all things shiny (3) movie "buffs" who enjoyed Cloud Atlas, which was more boring and more bizarre than Interstellar, but only slightly. This film is an anti-intellectual zenith. It is offensive at least for someone who has a rudimentary knowledge of astrophysics and the theory of relativity. I have never seen such s-f movie full of nonsense. At least in the last 20 years. Every single law of physics is broken or adjusted to Hollywood pulp. Ethical problems concerning time travel were already discussed 60 years ago. Medea/Gaia hypothesis is an old fairy tale. Pseudo- philosophical use of feelings with respect to the multi-dimensional time-space is simply ridiculous. Situations that occur in the vicinity of the event horizon: I can only say: serious case of ignorance. And standard use moral treatise about human nature based on common sense is too obvious. Someone who makes movies based on comic books shouldn't be allowed to make a s-f movie. Really bad choice!! I am disappointed. Very disappointed. 1 point is for the robots. Best regards. Not so much film as much as strange milestone for Hollywood.

With A-List stars and a final running length of about 3 hours.

This in an age where Hollywood is so desperate for profit and fast turnover that even TV shows have more commercials and less content.

How is this possible? Easy answer: Nolan Brothers. Look in a mirror, say those names 7 times quickly, the Hollywood Rule Book disappears.

The bizarre length effectively gives the viewer not one but three entirely separate movies joined only by the title.

This reviewer in particular was gob-smacked by the first movie, effectively from the beginning until the space flight, and wanted to jump to an alternate universe where the whole movie took place in that small town, post-apocalyptic setting. With the dust. And stray drones. And the school teachers who taught that the trip to the moon was just propaganda.

I cannot over-emphasize how strange this is. Even though that was not the point of the film, I suggest the production company unintentionally created (in that first hour) the best sci-fi future-world ambiance in the history of film; and, unaware of what they had accidentally done, they just moved on.

BTW, a number of futurists have said that in the early part of the 21st century the odds favor at least one major volcano going "super," or blowing for extended days or weeks. This will place ash/dust in the air will will cover the planet. Until this film, I never saw the image of what this might look like. Now I know. Wow.)

The second film is like every Star Trek film you have ever seen, but by way of Stanley Kubrick. Not bad, but nowhere near as much fun as the first portion, Another really really cool thing is the robot that resembles one of those ladder kits you buy at Home Depot, that can form a variety of shapes. Ultra cool.

Until you finally get to the third and final movie (or Act) which is meant to have profound spiritual implications but in reality only works if you have been paying careful attention for the first two and a half hours. Which is itself a strange contradiction.

But the whole film is full of contradictions. There is an Epilogue too (following the unstated theme of three Acts and an Epilogue). It is fun, it is moving, it connects with the viewer, and it makes no sense at all. There are plot holes in the Epilogue that you could lose a Black Hole in. Joke intended.

So, there you go, one of the oddest and most contradictory films of all time.

Oh, don't even bother trying to figure out how a society that can develop AI to a degree beyond anything ever seen in film before (the Costco ladder people) still has teachers that dispute the Moon Landing and doctors who can't deal with a cough.

As I keep saying, a very strange movie.

But a very powerful one

*** REVIEW UPDATED OCT 2016****

Greetings from the year 2016. For those reading this from the far future when everyone who wishes it has instant access to the IMDb database, probably beamed right into the cortex, I am updating my review with this addenda: I confess I missed the point of the film on first viewing. After all, this is a Nolan Bros 3 hr opus which, sadly, never really achieved a proper audience and now is more or less lost to time, much like the characters in the story. On second viewing, I "got" that this is basically a love story set against a sci-fi backdrop. The love of a father for his daughter, the growth of Man to a new dimensional experience where love itself is quantifiable - these are amazing concepts and this is an amazing movie.
this movie was awful, I was deceived by the fake rating. it was full of pseudoscience, so superficial and boring. every single minutes could be challenged by a science professional. being a PhD student in science, I envy SciFi script writers and directors that they can pop up any bullshit and be praised by non-professional audience. such a ridiculous robot, underground NASA that launches billion dollar projects in famine a condition, the huge tide on that planet without considering the depth of water, entering the black-hole unprotected, LOVE being the 5th dimension, contacting through black-hole by pushing the books! Oh my! can anybody be more superficial about science? my advice to anybody who has a critical mind: don't waist your time. Though I am not a Bat-person, and do not wish to become one, I have admired Christopher Nolan for his early films and 'Inception', though, with the exception of 'Insomnia', I always regarded them as, in the immortal words of Andrew Sarris 'less than meets the eye'. I do not like to call films pretentious, but with 'Memento' and 'Inception' the word certainly came to mind. They seemed shallow pretending to be deep.

The same is, in my opinion, certainly true of 'Interstellar'. Yes, it carries you along for a ride, and yes the special effects are great, and yes, it might give us pause to think what will, in fact, be the destiny of our species. But, my dear Mr Nolan, surely you must realise that our species will not survive by planting American flags on distant planets. And, like 'Gravity' before it, the search for a happy ending has totally destroyed any shred of credibility of what might have gone before. The image of Cooper floating around Saturn without his spaceship, waiting to be picked up by a passing probe (just before his oxygen runs out, of course) is so ridiculous that if Stanley Kubrick were to be told that it is a respectful reference to the 'starchild' at the end of '2001', he'd punch you in the nose.

'Interstellar' - for all of its attempts to incorporate relativistic time dilation and very clever (I do not use that word in a derogatory sense) visual representation of multi-dimensional string theory towards the end, is void of any real cultural insight.

The film simply extends 'The Wizard of Oz' into the space age and decides at the end that there is really somewhere better than home. It is TOSH! Great films tell us something memorable about the human condition, or the nature of cinema itself. This film, for all its quotes from Dylan Thomas does neither. It is for people who think that the word 'awesome' has some profound meaning and not, as is the case, an excuse for not finding a more appropriate and restrained reaction.

Any suggestion that it deserves a Best Picture Oscar is a sad comment on the way that those awards have become debased in recent years. Interstellar by Christopher Nollan

Reviewed by Svetoslav Grigorov

First, I had to look at the score on www.IMDb.com to confirm that all the rumors were true (9 out of 10): me and Paul were the only ones who didn't like this movie and left 45 minutes before it had finished. Whatever that means I can assure you that I was/am still sober and I am not a zombie like the rest of the crowd in the Kettering Odeon cinema. Secondly, I would like to ask how all these critics made the comparison(s) with Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey and thirdly, please you who now read this review tell me that I am not the only one in my dullest disappointment for the year. Tell me that I haven't lost my marbles, tell me that you were enthralled from this copy of a House On The Prairie and if you think that this is the best movie of your life (or at least 2014), the only answer I can think of is: that's why so many rubbish movies have been released lately. Because the level of the quality has fallen drastically and the conveyor belt of the movie industry is catastrophic for the senses.

OK, so straight to the point. First 45 minutes we are introduced to the farming, dust and the coming famine problems, nitrogen on the rise in the atmosphere, Earth is doomed, father and daughter found a super-secret location that NASA strategically placed for their eyes only. We see a lot of corn and even the nineties Children of The Corn was a better shallow slasher while this one turns out to be an American clichéd space marmalade, and my best fitting comparison for it is Armageddon which is not really a movie, but a joke. Wormholes, saving of the human kind, bringing resources, planting/replanting, Plan A /Plan B, frozen embryos to colonize a distant world, overcoming gravity, scientists and even a quantum physics and so much camera- philosophy that Kubrick will turn in his grave, daddy-please-don't-go-to-space-cause –I'm- gonna-cry, bam the watch on the floor (I don't wanna see you anymore), counting while going into the stratosphere, Lego-robot which somehow was better acting than the rest of the actors or at least was more fun. Wait, wait, did I say actors? Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and Michael Caine (The rest of them are not worth mentioning apart from the crying daughter Murph who did her best job).

Matthew McConaughey has one of the most annoying twangs ever and his jaundiced bad- version-face of Paul Newman cannot contribute to any script lately (let's not forget that without the help of Jared Leto and his masterful transformation in The Dallas Buyers Club his Oscar was going to hell). His mumbling could be understood only from the villagers in Kentucky and what he is on aboutSeriously, I needed subtitles to comprehend his actor's efforts in such a "serious" movie. How serious this movie was! I pushed myself to read couple of the 'serious' critical reviews and they had the audacity to call it "scientific"??? Oh man, poor Anne Hathaway who looked sometimes at the camera and was likely apologizing for the mess she was in. I felt sorry for her.

The script was the hell of the hells. Such nonsense with no credibility and no creativity at all. Total zero or even below the zero. As I said we left long before the end because my time is precious. I will open Isaac Asimov's (or Stanislaw Lem's) short stories and will be engulfed in characters and situations, so my brain will be given food for thought while all these poor people are going to see Interbol..cks and will be exposed on the radiation of a mediocrity (yes, I felt cheated like someone was trying to insult me). Well, if you who now read this review respect yourself and really like Kubrick, Moon, Gravity (and even Contact) and other good sci-fi don't waste your time and save your money. Today we wasted £40 including the drinks, the popcorn and the tickets and the only thing that I was inspired for was my generated anger for this text. My verdict on the scale from 1 to 10 is to give ONE for the director Christopher Nolan who needs a little encouragement and I am hoping he will not slip into the shoes of M. Night Shyamalan who have crafted a lot of rubbish lately as you know. God forbid that never happens.

P.S.Don't tell me that I have sat there for 2 (it's actually 169 minutes) hours of a film and it had a great ending cause I don't want know. I liked Inception a lot and was expecting something similar from Nolan brothers, but Interstellar turned out to be massively disappointing. It's too long, too boring, too sloppy and too hard to believe what all fuss is about.

Earth is overpopulated and plants are dying from drought, dust is everywhere and starting to be a problem. This is all what we were told by a movie, everything that we should know (they think). So instead of trying to solve these problems by inventing new food forms, by ocean water demineralization or just soft decreasing of population to numbers Earth can sustain best minds came up with ingenious plan - go through suddenly discovered wormhole and see what happens. Instead of sending drones they sent bunch of people through to a no-return mission, three having reported of habitable planet each.

It is when things started to become interesting. NASA picks up some random guy pilot (McConaughey) to lead mission to these three planets, all of them coincidentally in the same system, orbiting a black hole. COME ON, three planets orbiting a black hole? If you want to live here, you might be insane. However, in a retarded fashion he decides to leave his young daughter on dying earth to pursue his all-life-mission. Some more absurd plot decision happens when he then decide to land planet with such twisted space-time (because it is near blackhole, remember - we are watching movie pretending to make sense scientifically) that it has time accelerated 60000 times comparing to earth.

Nothing very interesting happens next, three non-essential persons just die, Matt Damon being one of them by going nuts for absolutely no reason. In the end McConaughey diving into a black hole (finally making sense sequence) leaving only one woman in a mission (Hathaway) to land a planet she wanted first were her supposed lover landed previously. And while soundtrack plays loudly to draw attention from following absurd plot twist, main hero spends 60 years in another dimension translating quantum equations to his daughter on Earth which will solve all problems and allow six billions people to escape. By the way all these years everyone was just waiting, absolutely no one bothered to send more expeditions so busy they were all solving Einstein equations.

Why so silly? With so many numerous big and small plot holes this can't be serious movie. Main hero acting like a retard (or actually he is), his daughter soon-big-girl solving biggest scientific problem in history, two absolutely useless crew members with funny robot as a company and a woman supposed to be main-hero's girlfriend, a lier as main scientist and a bunch of another useless people. Even CGI can not save the day. We were told that black hole CGI supposed to be most realistic than ever, but it was pictured in roughly 1.5 scenes at best. Soundtrack is fine, but it is played so loudly, in disharmony with deep space atmosphere and in some scenes being unnecessary as well.

So what we have in the end? It just looked like they tried to make big, really BIG move about space travel and physic phenomenons, but somehow missed big picture and not really payed attention to the details, ignoring common sense which eventually led to a failure. Sadly, good opportunity to create such movie in the uncharted territory was wasted. Went to see the film Wednesday evening. Overall it was an enjoyable film from start to finish with the help of humor along the way. Excellent casting, descent visuals, and a good sound score. There were times I felt the music was overkill and would drown out certain scenes but overall well done. Story meshed real well too and threw in a few curve balls.

I would have liked to see some better visuals from space. Especially when they arrived in the new solar system. Been cool to have seen unique planets of different colors orbiting each other for instance. Something unique to stamp the distance and uniqueness from our system. Trivial but it's those small things :) I had a sneaking feeling that Christopher Nolan was a director who wasn't particularly good at staging emotional sequences, nor had a special skill in staging action sequences nor has consistency in his screen writing which may range from mediocre (The Dark Knight Rises and overall logical setup of the Batman series) or sublime (Memento, Inception). What always worked for Nolan was that his movies were always interesting and always intriguing and if the script was any good, he made classics.

Interstellar represents a colossal failure of Nolan on every front imaginable. Let's start with the plot which is the most looked forward thing in his movies. The plot involving the World's end and the attempt to save it via Interstellar travel is so hokey that you may think you are watching a Michael Bay movie. If you could complain about "Gravity"s leaps of logic, then you will realize there is absolutely no physical logic in this script. The story is a Galaxy sized plot hole. The sad part is that it isn't even original which you would come to expect from the Nolan Brothers. It's a bad mishmash of Gravity, Coherence, 2001 a Space Odyssey and Contact book ended by a cringe inducing emotional thread that it will compel you to flay your hands in the air over the inept acting, dialogues, staging, and poor editing, story and what not. If you were expecting an "Inception" than don't, Interstellar has the most contrived sci- fi plot in existence coupled with bad acting. It's Armageddon with a sense of higher purpose. At least I enjoyed Armageddon.

SPOILER FREE ENDS ********

Now back to the plot points. Lets talk about the plot. The world is ending, and I could not fathom why, nor could Nolan show us the World in a broad sense apart from one single corn field farm in the middle of nowhere which conveniently houses an ultra secret project by NASA. If the world is ending, who will save it? Of course the "Aliens" or "They" (insert oooooooooooh). I thought the movie would involve humans discovering Interstellar travel.I never went into the movie thinking that a huge big ass Worm Hole was conveniently placed by 5- Dimensional unexplained aliens as a convenient plot device to jump into the whole space travel thingy. How hokey is that? And the hokum continues with supremely bad exposition ever committed on screen with fellow astronauts explaining how worm holes work ("Ah it's shaped like a sphere!) or how time dilation works in relativity theory. It seems like none of Johnathan or Christopher could truly grasp how these concepts should work in the context of the film and hence these appear as contrived elements in the service of producing cheap thrills ("oh we lost so many years").

And talking about cheap thrills, can anyone possibly out there condone how stupid the middle reveal was with our famous cameo from a famous actor? Okay let's talk about the ending. One can apparently fly into a black hole, make contact with 5-Dimensional entities who will present you a menu of quantum states of possibilities in order to save the world by how? How? By transmitting some mumbo-jumbo data via Morse Code through a ticking hand of a watch to a woman on the other side of the space time continuum so that she can umm fit it into the equation? or was it a constant? what is a 5 pager formula? How did it work? Hokey as hell.

And the visuals? Oh the problem is since Gravity came out and took the crown of the best space visuals in the last 5 years, what could Instellar do? Well lets have some obviously fake looking CGI dust clouds. Have your space ship fly over a Windows wallpaper of Saturn. How was any of it "Original"? Let's look at the planet. One has Water with a fake wall of waves, one has simply ice. That's it. Water and Ice. Where did you spend your money on Mr Nolan? Oh the Robots were hilarious but you would cringe in your seats thinking how a rectangular block of moving pillar was a good Robot Design and how the poor chap was managing to run on flat ground.

And the acting? Cringeworthy Mumblecore.

I don't think even the fanboys can save this one. Seriously? Some people are rating this 10? I'm no physicist but I do have a basic understanding of what is within the realms of possibility. Firstly, the first line of the synopsis of this film on IMDb. Scarcity of food on planet earth due to drought and famine? What? Sorry,but no. On our planet we are currently storing seeds in a massive archive from countries all over the world. Even North Korea. They're being stored underground and kept at a very low temperature. Also, we can grow vegetation without sunlight. There are many people doing this today. So why, if for any reason, would we be risking our crops to this unexplained environment? This is just the first problem I have with this film. At no point was it explained of what the cause of this global famine was. I want to know, and I waited for 3 hours for an explanation that never came. Secondly, forgoing the wormhole, if gravity is that strong to slow down time, you'd be crushed, and waves wouldn't even exist. Let alone 100 foot waves. Thirdly, the robot. Why oh why is it a box that seemingly can move over any terrain? Throughout the film the same joke. Humour level at 75%? Sarcasm rating at 80%? Oh yes these "jokes" came thick and fast. The only joke I could see is that this film was actually made and I wasted 3 hours of my life. If you want to watch a brilliant sci fi, with Matthew Maconaghy, watch Contact. It was made in 1997 and was written by the famous cosmologist, Carl Sagan. Now that's worthy of a 10. The only good point about Interstellar was the visuals married to the brilliant soundtrack. If you want that, then go to a light show or concert. Sad to say, I'm greatly disappointed. Nolan should stick with Bat man. This has got to be the stupidest, most absurd, ridiculous movie I have ever seen in my life. There are so many ludicrous, illogical leaps in this movie that it would take days to mention them all, days. Nothing made sense from a logical standpoint in the entire film. Not one thing. Absolutely nothing in the script worked. Every aspect of it was so ludicrous that I was rolling my eyes, throwing up my hands or even laughing out loud throughout the whole thing. Masterpiece my ass. And the comparisons to 2001, give me a break. If you think this film is thought provoking you have an IQ of less than zero. A total waste of the 70mm film it was shot on. Like many other reviewers, I'm giving this a 1 in a feeble attempt to balance out all the unwarranted 10s I keep seeing, even though I really think it deserves a 5, or maybe a 6. I actually created an account just to do this, so I figured I might as well include a review along with my rating.

Many will say try to tell you that you shouldn't attempt to compare this movie to 2001, that they are two totally different movies, etc. This is ridiculous; they are quite similar on multiple levels, with Interstellar obviously taking many cues and inspirations from Kubrick's masterpiece. I feel that if we compare the two, we can get a good idea of where Nolan's film went wrong. The main reason 2001 has remained so powerful and held up so well is that it doesn't try to explain and rationalize everything that happens. We see the events of the movie unfold, but as the movie nears its psychedelic conclusion, we are really left to our own guesswork as to what is going on. Has he entered another dimension? An alternate universe? An alien spacecraft? Is he just dead? The mere fact that we have no idea whether this scene depicts something spiritual, something scientifically quantifiable, or a mix of the two makes it so much more moving than if Kubrick had tried to explain it through the available science of his time.

Interstellar answers far too many questions, which, as is often the case, ends up raising infinitely more. Nolan makes it clear from the get go that this film is supposed to function on more of an emotional level than a scientific one. Then why even bother have the film "fact checked" by a astrophysicist? Why create this confusing mixture of real- and pseudo- science in the first place? To me, in a lot of scenes this kind of shatters the air of mysticism Nolan seemed to be going for. The "floating bookcase in a black hole" sequence, for instance, seemed really magical until Cooper suddenly has a bunch of epiphanies and becomes positive that the structure was created by future humans, not aliens, that they created it specifically for him so he could navigate 5D and communicate with his daughter, and that he can save the world only by manipulating a watch with gravity. BOOM. There goes all the mystery. And lets assume his theory is correct, and this structure was indeed constructed by mankind from the future. Hmmm, guess it turns out that we didn't perish from constant dust storms after all—instead we survived hundreds of thousands of years into the future and went on to create mind-blowing, interdimensional space technology. Then what exactly is future us so worried about? They seem to be doing just fine without any alteration of the past. This is just the tip of the iceberg as far as far as all of the inconsistencies and unanswered questions you'll find in this movie. If you have a very analytical mind, steer clear of it—I am not a mathy or science-y person by any stretch, yet even I struggled at times to put my logic in the backseat and just enjoy the ride.

That's what I'd advise you to do if you want to have a good time watching this movie: DON'T OVERTHINK IT. If you can just do that, you'll find an entertaining film with truly stunning visual effects, a great (if maybe a LITTLE too over the top) score from HZ, and very convincing performances from the actors. I found some scenes very moving. I liked the concept of a future that, as a result of a technological lull, doesn't look very different from our present. There are a lot of positive things to say about this film, and yet the end result is, sadly, maybe just a couple pegs above mediocre. All of the fanboys and girls must have also been in love with "The Emperor Has No Clothes" too.

This story is thin, the characters are under developed, the emotional and logical shortcuts are ridiculous, Matt Damon is horribly cast and has become a caricature of himself, the set pieces are not inspiring, the music cues try to be bombastic enough to create emotion that simply doesn't exist and the science is a mess.

When a self-important filmmaker reaches a level of success where no one will tell them "no" anymore, this is what comes of it. The scientific equation that sums up this film is as follows: Nolan + Interstellar = Lucas/Spielberg + Crystal Skull.

A completely unremarkable and forgettable film. The Emperor truly has no clothes. Previously having been a fan of a few of Nolan's films that actually were the opposite of what this film is - masterpieces, I peeked at the ratings here on IMDb. However had I scrolled further down to see where they were coming from and what the reviews really were, I probably would've discovered the truth and not have decided to take the inevitable trip into this black hole with Nolan and suffer, something I am extremely embarrassed about and will always be haunted for. Unfortunately I cannot get the three hours of my life taken away by this film. Do not watch this.

At a great probability, an atrocious waste of money went into making this because I couldn't help but question where it all went. It probably went into a black hole. Common sense was extremely uncommon in the entire film and to an extent that would actually anger you, making you wonder how stupid the director thinks of you otherwise. Like plenty others, I felt a necessary urge to be informant about this tragedy and so created an IMDb account just to write this. Not surprisingly, I found that a lot of others have already said most of what I wanted to say about the film.I'm going to try to sum up some scenes, shortened to the best of my ability that would give you an idea of how awful this movie really was and how dreadful my time went sitting through it all hoping to find a little substance somewhere down the line, being a patient guy. On the real this movie is not even worth your 10 dollars on a DVD rental. You'd probably sleep through all of it in any case.

So I spend twenty dollars to go see this and upon the first ten minutes I find myself looking back at my life wondering where I had gone wrong to deserve this. To begin with, the start of this film with Mathew McConaughey on some unknown farmland somewhere and who knows where, does not create any picture or lead you anywhere for you to even develop one on your own, to get a hold of whether an 'Interstellar' will actually begin to unfold or whether not.

Our lead, with his kids drives his truck off road down on to fields of corn ( with a flat tire ) to follow what seems to be some "Nasa test drone/ robot plane", as soon as he spots it randomly flying in the air. So he drives with his kids for say over twenty minutes with the flat as his car runs down heavy bushes of corn fields, where he commands his kid son to "take the wheel" while he moves in the backseat now to turn on his laptop through which he has decided to and even knows how to track this drone! From this point on I tried hard to stay awake.

He later just happens to stumble upon a Nasa base that also happens to be only minutes away from where he lives. I steady awake to the part where our hero gets out the car outside the Nasa base with blinding lights in front of him. Next, he gets whacked by a robot, taken hostage and then wakes up in front of Anne Hathaway, inside the base. Then you've got Michael Caine telling him that he is "the chosen one" to fly a rocket in spite of the fact that Matthew mistakenly discovered the base. After exchanging a few words, our hero seems fit to be the pilot of the rocket ship ( without real training ) for a mission everybody is newly introduced to. What is this mission about? To go find another planet that would sustain life because Earth is no longer going to be a hospitable place in a few years although no one knows why. That is not it. Guess where they're all going to look for one? In a black hole. Forty minutes deep and you'll find that by now you'd rather walk out because it doesn't really matter anymore how the film turns out.

Later nearing the end, McConaughey's ship is about to run out of fuel any minute where the ship explodes at full capacity leaving him to fall into the black hole to find himself in a five dimensional wall space. Here he communicates to Earth with the assistance of the robot that should've been destroyed in that ship, to his daughter through a wrist watch lying on her bedroom shelf at home and she happens to sense what is exactly going on Wow this was just terrible.

Now, to all those of you who have the slightest idea of what a black hole is and what it does or doesn't do for that matter, do not waste your time watching this even on DVD. In fact, make sure you do not waste your hours even watching it for free on television shortly soon because it would make you so sad, scared and bored all at the same time like you couldn't believe.

Not one minute of this film was "possible" if you like, even bit by bit, to create any practical sense of what went on or even what could have come out of it.

This movie was so bad I came out paralyzed. To my horror, I'm left with no words to describe the experience and I'm only trying.

I consider myself pretty tough after having the courage to sit entirely through and not walk out within the first twenty minutes like I should have done. This truly is a shocking movie and must rank as the worst sci-fi film I have ever had the misfortune to waste 2.5hrs on.

The acting is appalling with some quite amateurish edits. The music drowns out a lot of the dialogue, which is probably just as well considering its triteness. The whole premise of the plot seems to have been cobbled together by the writers after they'd endured an overkill of everything from the Lost in Space TV series of the sixties (though at least that show injected some humour into the proceedings), through to 2001 A Space Odyssey, and the innumerable Star Trek programmes and films.

Any movie that casts Michael Caine as a scientific boffin must be struggling for starters. He utters, in one excruciatingly and barely decipherable scene, "I lied". Well he certainly didn't act! Anne Hathaway struggles to make any sense of the quite ludicrous script and often appears that she'd rather be undergoing root-canal work, whilst Matthew McConaughey mumbles and fumbles his way through lines he can't quite believe he is expected to say.

The continuity is confusing and the 'special effects' only reach mediocre, adding absolutely nothing new in this genre for the viewer.

I have watched hundreds of sci-fi films and programmes and do realise that we are expected to suspend belief to a greater extent, which is why a little humour would not have gone amiss - but every character in the movie seemed to be so darn miserable and brimming with angst. This film has no redeeming features whatsoever; one develops no empathy for any of the players, and there were a couple I longed would perish within a few minutes of them being introduced into the storyline (the child who portrays the ten-year old Murphy to name but one).

Sorry, but this film is not worthy of wasting over two hours of your precious life on. There again, you are quite entitled to think otherwise.... Every generation of movie goers sees one film, maybe two, that changes the game for them. It becomes a signature moment that they remember years to come. They remember where they saw it, who they saw it with, even where they were sitting. Christopher Nolan has proved to be a film maker who works best with a big canvas, and he has never been given a canvas bigger than the one he used for his latest film, "Interstellar". I feel I can't even call going to see a Nolan piece a movie but more like an "event". For the average movie goer, they most likely aren't familiar with the directors of the films they're seeing but most know Nolan. Most know of Nolan because he has made some of the biggest, thrilling, and thought provoking films of the past decade from the Dark Knight trilogy to Inception.

It's almost not worth trying to do a plot synopsis of "Interstellar" because it is difficult to try to condense the happenings in a film this huge because I know that I will leave out something big. Anyway, the film takes place in a potentially not-too-distant future where the earth has become unable to produce all but a few crops and it will get to a point where none will be able to grow and man will die out. In comes an engineer/pilot/father Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) who is entrusted to be part of a space expedition to venture beyond a newly discovered wormhole to try and find a new planet capable of inhabiting the human race. Astronauts from previous missions have supposedly landed and have been sending signals for them to come.

McConaughey has always had that "movie star" potential and I think this is the film that puts him in that title. This was a truly star making role due to the size of the film and I honestly believe he is the only man who could have done it. "Interstellar" was originally supposed to be done by Steven Spielberg before he dropped out and Nolan stepped in. Nolan, clearly influenced by past Spielberg films like "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Jaws", puts McConaughey in a role in the same vein as Richard Dreyfuss in "Close Encounters" or Roy Schneider in "Jaws". They needed an actor who could be looked at as an everyday guy who is experiencing incredible circumstances and McConaughey is able to display the emotion required for a man who has to drop everything, including his family whom he knows he may not see again, and try to save the human race. You can see it in his eyes and hear it in his voice and your heart breaks and lifts with his simultaneously. This isn't necessarily a role that wins Oscars but it should be.

The effects are obviously amazing. This, much like "Gravity" last year, is a film that needs to be seen on the big screen, especially in IMAX. This, along with the haunting score of frequent Nolan collaborator Hans Zimmer, almost transports you to that necessary place that makes the events happening on screen seem possible. Kind of piggy backing off of that point, there will be those who will trash the film for "the science isn't accurate". Those comments are nonsense because no matter what "science" tells us, there is just no way for us to actually comprehend what is beyond a wormhole or what would happen if we attempted to go through one. Could we really transcend time and space? Would we discover new worlds and new civilizations? Impossible for us to say at this point, but what makes this film so great is that we are able to see the ideas of "what can be". It's the mystery of the unknown that both frightens and enthralls man and few films have been able to capture those feelings like "Interstellar" In a time where there are no more explorers, we're fortunate to be put in a position where we can feel what is like to discover and explore new worlds.

People will remember "Interstellar" for either being a truly great film experience or "not as good as 2001: A Space Odyssey". This is one of most popular slights against the film so far as it is the closest thing to "2001" and defenders of the Kubrick classic will argue to the death that it doesn't live up to it. This is an argument that no one will win because it is a generational issue. People see these landmark films during their youth and they leave such an impression on them, that it almost becomes blasphemy to hear of another film made years later, rivaling the one they saw. People want to believe that the film from their time was the best and that no film will be able to capture those emotions they first felt and the memories that it created for them. I respect and detest this because I will most likely feel the same way when future space adventures in the same vein as "Interstellar" come out and I fear it is something that is out of my control. Much of the film circles around the idea that love is the one true thing that travels purely through time and space because it is that connection we feel with one another that makes us human and that can be applied with our love for certain films. The connection we feel with our favorite films is almost unshakable and those who think they can make us waver from those feelings are exercising in futility.

In the end, "Interstellar" is one of those landmark films. It's a chance for us to escape reality and feel sense of adventure, hope, and amazement that rarely comes around. Don't miss it. Marketing gets a 10, paid promo reviews get a 10, and the film itself gets a 1. Once Matt Damon rears his ugly head you can now confirm your suspicions that this film has been compromised by illogical tripe. Damon delivers his usual trade mark wince and grimace to let the moviegoer know this script has changed yet again. The big lie is that this film is being hyped as a better science fiction movie than 2001, NOT. Anne Hathaway looks like a clueless deer in the headlights when she is supposedly a top astrophysicist. Matthew McConaughey plays a top mechanical engineer that is now a farmer due to a world filled with way too many people. The typical message from the Marxist Hollywood crowd is ever so present, the earth is turning into a dust bowel from global warming, kids can't follow their dreams as grade school will determine their careers (Outcome based Education), but it gets better when the Karl Marx penned phrase "For the greater good" is the basis of this long drawn out ball of crap called Interstellar. The IMAX presentation did nothing for this movie other than a soundtrack that made it difficult to listen to the actual dribble. Do yourself a favor and wait until this movie is released on DVD-BRay, the duality of your conscience demands it. Here's its 2 stars...I saw it in IMAX so I enjoyed going through the wormhole. Other than that? Well, let's get started...

It's so typical - almost clichéd! - the way billions of dollars are spent on the visuals of movies these days and zero dinero on the script. Interstellar is a prime example of this. It just might be the definitive example.

I'm not going to go into the science much because I'm a tad science- and space-illiterate but even I could see glaring holes in this tripe. For one thing, what kind of impossible tidal forces create a mile- high tidal wave out of 2 feet of water? Why weren't drones sent into the wormhole instead of people? That corn looked pretty green to me, didn't you think so? What's going on in London or Montreal or Buenos Aires or anywhere other than Kansas? Is Kansas the last place anyone is? Can't the black guy just once make it to the end of the movie? Why is NASA housed inside the Bonaventure Hotel? (okay sorry, I'm from LA and recognized it right away)

Did Matt Damon owe someone a role and that's why he's in this tripe giving the worst performance of his career? Why weren't Matthew M's grandchildren and great grandchildren the slightest bit interested in him? Who the hell cast Matthew M in this? How was it possible to relay "tapes from loved ones at home" across those distances but nobody could relay anything back? What was up with that stupid robot?

Okay, forgetting science and crazy-ass tesseracts for a moment...the human element of the script was incredibly eye-rolling. Remember that notoriously stupid moment in Armageddon when Liv Tyler screams "That my father up there!"? Well the entire "human" aspect of this story and all the dialogue seemed to be written by whomever wrote that classic line. What was so wrong with treating the audience like intelligent people and giving then a straight, highly scientific, awe-at-the-majesty-of-the-universe, harsh reality sci-fi film that didn't insult you at every turn instead of this z-grade soap opera with neat-o visuals? Not a terrible movie but not half as good as some reviewers would have you believe. Firstly a lot has been made of you needing a degree in quantum physics to understand the movie. Not so, the premise is exactly the same as his last move 'inception', time moves slower the deeper you go or in this case nearer the event horizon of a black-hole. Don't need to be a genius to understand that.

Secondly a lot has been made of his revolutionary mixing of 'dazzling' science fiction and an intimate human story. As for the human story, it's clunky and at times cringe-worthy. It's dull and not particularly well handled with amateurish dialogue characteristic of the Nolan films. If you want to see a movie where the relationship between father and daughter is far better handled watch 'Contact'. As for the science fiction I'd have to say I was disappointed. Parts were very spectacular but I was not impressed by the planet scenes. Iceland yet again and a water planet with shallow seas and massive waves? I was somehow expecting more than this.

Overall grossly over-rated by the critics yet go and see it all the same. Interstellar, Another feather in Nolan's cap, This movie is surely one of the Nolan's finest blend, it had everything that makes you glued to the seats and those nail biting moments I can watch it again and have the same feeling as watching it for the first time, and don't be fooled by some idiots claiming that the movie is way too technical and you need to brush up your Physics before watching the movie, don't fall for this bullshit, the movie is clear and concise and well not to mention but just like any other Nolan movie this one also leaves much to your interpretation and I believe that's what makes the movies of Nolan stand out from others, it's all about IMAGINATION with a good bit of science and what could very well be a reality, I don't want to spoil it for you by revealing any interesting parts of the movie, I would recommend the movie to anyone who loves watching fiction movies that makes you believe in the fiction they portray, yes we are far from the reality, but when you are in there watching this movie, those 3 hours you become a part of the movie and it becomes the reality, few movies have given me such experience in the past, and this one definitely tops the chart! A Quantum Leap in Film making.

The greatest story ever told. A movie that encompasses all that is and can be Human. Interstellar bravely Transcends into the unknown throughout time and space, leaving no one behind.

My persistent craving for unwavering diligence in directing and acting has been satisfied with ample sufficiency. Very few take true pride in what they do, and most never try. But to never give up hope and to reach for the stars is how real greatness is achieved.

Thank you Mr. Nolan(s), thank you 'Cooper', for creating a piece that holds such faith in mankind's will to survive, and most of all, Love.

5D 10/10 Truly one of the most ludicrous films ever made. Virtually every moment of the film comprises a series of linked premises without any one of them having a rational basis. The film depends upon multiple concepts regarding space-time and space travel, most of which the audience is sufficiently familiar with to appreciate the potential story .... BUT ... each one of those is then formulated and entered into the storyline in a way that you cannot suspend belief. The series of presumptions just accumulate one ludicrous outcome after another, just in time to be posted straight into another ludicrous presumption. So what builds is a stack of preposterous situations that can really only be "resolved" by yet another, even more ludicrous outcome. This causes the late stages of the film to become so disjointed that the basic premise collapses.

Note that the suspension of belief is, of course, fundamental to many films - in Star Trek for example, one suspends belief in accepting that faster than light travel is possible - or falling asleep inside your own dreams is believable, as in Inception - and that's AOK because the rest of the action is consistent. However, the number of presumptions you have swallow in Interstellar, that have no basis in science fiction or reality, strains credulity way past breaking point. One at least has to see a consistency for a film to be acceptable.

Notwithstanding these comments, the individual elements are each highly watchable and Nolan does his usual blinding (literally in couple of the shots) best. The environments and space scenes are quite breathtaking. However, watching the film is a cascaded cataclysm of ideas, concepts, half-theories, impossibilities, broken linkages and downright wrongness, that appears on the screen like confetti in a gale. The disappointment is that the cast of actors is sensational, and they do everything they can to make the film a coherent "reality" .... but the outcome it to make them look like patsies to a conspiracy ...

Possibly the only saving grace is the final 38 seconds - where the original one-line film-pitch made to the money-boys gets played-out ... but it's probably too little, too late. One of the best sci-fi movies.First of all, it is incredibly beautiful to watch. Honestly, it was so beautiful that I felt like I was sucked into the movie. We can feel the talent of Christopher Nolan, just by looking at the way it is filmed. The techniques he used contribute to create that visual environment in a believable way.

These two important parts (image and sound) create a stunning atmosphere. You will forget you are in a movie theater, and you will be lost in space, sucked into the adventures of this new Space Odyssey, begging for more. It is a truly unique experience. I can say that I have never felt something like that in a movie theater. Then, of course, the cast. First of all, Matthew McConaughey. I discovered this actor in Tropic Thunder, but he didn't really convince me, though he was quite funny. Then I saw Dallas Buyers Club. Since that movie, I love him. In this movie... Well, he is the movie. I exaggerate a bit, since there are other great actors (some even unexpected with a special guest) who play extremely well. But he is just what was needed to feel the human part of the story (which is very important in Interstellar). He is capable of making us feel so many different emotions all along the story, as a father, as a human. Anne Hathaway was very convincing, all together the actors managed to create some harmony, which makes the human interactions credible. Caine, Chastaing and Affleck are a perfect choice. And then there is... The special guest, I will call him "X". His role, which could be seen as a minor role, is actually much more important than that. He proves, once again, that he is a great actor. Watch and see. And finally, the scenario/story. I won't spoil anything here; I'll just try to convince you how great it is. Nolan is known to revolutionize everything when he tries a new genre in cinema. Well, once again he did it. With The Dark Knight he revolutionized the superhero genre. With Interstellar he's revolutionizing the sci-fi genre in cinema. From what I heard, he worked with a physicist (in gravitational physics and astrophysics) to help him with that movie. And we can feel and see it. During the fifties, Asimov laid the foundations of modern science fiction. Lucas and Kubrick did the same in cinema. Today, Nolan is laying the new foundations of the genre in cinema, proving that cinema is still at the beginning of what can be done (brace yourselves my friends, we have not seen anything yet). My rating for this movie can only be a 10, because in itself, it is a beginning for a new kind of cinema. It IS a classic. Those who say "we can't compare this movie to 2001 Space Odyssey, nor can we compare Nolan to Kubrick" are wrong. We can, and we should. Talented people don't live only in the past, some genius live today, among us. And Nolan is one of them. Many say that he is overrated. I truly don't think so. Only time will answer that.

This is the sci-fi movie of the decade. Just go for it, without a second thought. One of the best movies i have ever seen in my life! As directed by Christopher Nolan, he of the pretentious, derivative, mind-bending crap-fest that was Inception and the vastly over-rated Dark Knight trilogy, I fully expected Interstellar to have plot holes you could pilot a space station through—and, with a whopping running time of 169 minutes, I figured staying awake would be a task almost as gargantuan as the film's black hole (which is actually called Gargantua—that's just how gargantuan it is!!!).

Sure enough, the preposterous pseudo-scientific plot can be picked apart with ease, but the film itself is something of an anomaly: although it is a grossly indulgent pile of pretentious hooey that stretches plausibility to breaking point, I found myself entertained throughout. Interstellar is so far up itself that it actually transcends all the laws of cinema and proves to be a rather enjoyable piece of big-budget baloney as a result.

For starters, we get Matthew McConaughey's farmer Cooper, who is chosen to pilot NASA's only spacecraft, despite having spent the last decade or so growing corn. Then we get two of science-fiction's most aesthetically awkward robots in the form of A.I. units TARS and CASE. After flying through a worm-hole, Cooper lands his spacecraft in several inches of water and then surfs a massive tidal wave. We see a planet so cold that its clouds are solid ice. We have a mad scientist who rants about the human instinct for survival while head butting Cooper with his space helmet. Although Michael Caine's character spans 23 years, he doesn't look a day older than when we first see him (his voice just gets a bit hoarse, but not Batman hoarse). And Cooper enters a black hole where he ends up behind a 5-dimensional bookcase that allows him to manipulate gravity to send a message to his daughter via wristwatch!!!

And that's just the stuff I can recall right now (it's waaay past my bed-time and I'm very tired).

If only there had been a few ninjas, some gratuitous female nudity (perhaps a race of insatiable, sexy alien maidens with over-sized breasts), a planet of space zombies, and a laser battle, this would have been the perfect so-bad-it's-good movie.

7/10: it's too wonderfully silly for me too hate on it as much as I really should. This is weird... I love Science Fiction and I love astrophysics, but disliked everything about this movie. The start was extremely slow and it was hard to stay awake. The second half of the movie was somewhat better but felt like a very cheap rip-off of Space 2001. The movie just didn't do it for me at all and the acting was average. I'm totally flabbergasted that the average rating stands at 9 out of 10. Maybe audiences have lost the notion of quality, story-line, plot, acting, and uniqueness - as this movie doesn't have any of it. Ah well, I guess I'll just have to wait for the next SF movie and hope it will be somewhat better, because I am deeply disappointed by Interstellar as I expected so much more from a movie with an estimated budget of $165 million. it seems that most people write their very first review after seeing the worst film of their lives, or after seeing the best. this is my first, driven to review to give a more honest rating and review than a 9.1.

if you want to learn about physics, watch a documentary. if you want to be bored out of your mind for hours on end, then go and see interstellar. lead character mumbles 80% of the time (i thought it was just my hearing after being blasted with noise during the film at first). the use of sound is clever the first time, brash and loud, then deadly silent. but then it quickly becomes over used. scenes are so long and drawn out, this seems like a film a director wanted to make for his own viewing and ego. anne hathaway just looks tearful (you know the scene in snow white when she wandering about the forest scared of everything?) all of the time. I've never walked out of a film, and sadly couldn't this time (i didn't want to disturb the sleeping people around me you see...). if id been on an aisle seat, id have been gone after an hour. its not that the film is 'too clever', its just utterly boring. His 4th dud in a row, a ridiculous plot, for some reason the earth is reduced to only producing corn, so no animals, birds or fish, even though the scene by a lake the water looked clean and refreshing. Seems like humanity have forgotten that we can grow things in greenhouses and even underground. never mind lets move on, once again Nolan's characters all scientists and supposedly super intelligent do the most stupid things. anne hathaway goes in the water to retrieve a large piece of debris when a large wave appears, she has on hand a robot who could lift this wreckage with one hand but does not instruct him to do so, the beardy scientist is by the spacecraft door urging her to get a move on, the wave gets nearer the robot goes and carries her to the shuttle, the beardy scientist all this while stays put just outside the door and lets the wave carry him away, just one example of quite few.the biggest plot hole is this, for some reason once cooper is past the black hole and in 5 dimensional space, he becomes super intelligient, because he now knows how to solve the problem of gravity and save mankind, how he knows this we do not know, given that he is just an engineer to be able to figure out something the greatest physicists of the last hundred years cannot is unbelievable, he then sends probably the most complicated and long equation in history to his daughter in basic morse code, anyone familiar with morse code will tell you that this would take forever. now to the film making, others have mentioned its look , well to me it looked shabby, endless shots of aircraft wings, no vistas no shots of the galaxy or stars. during both the wormhole sequence and the black hole sequence he stays on the actors in close. in fact thank God i did not see this in imax, would have been a complete waste of time. and now the noise, with hans zimmer's worst and most bombastic score , added onto very loud sound effects, with the actors shouting to be heard we came a away with very bad headaches. the end did not make any sense at all. but we have the usual nolan fan base that cannot see past their noses all going ape over this and the usual batch of critics with no critical faculties whatsover. Don't get me wrong, I'm a sucker for most of Nolan's (and his brothers') works, but this one just doesn't rise up to the standard of filmmaking that we're used to from these guys.

Where to start? The overtly obvious and cliché ending? If you've seen any movie involving space-time puzzles and paradoxes, you see it coming from miles away. One might say that's not the point of the movie, that we should rather see it as a story of love and affection and whatever. Well, sorry folks, the Nolans seem to talk the talk but they can't walk the walk. The "dramatic" content of this film is barely above that of a romantic comedy. It relies too heavily on time paradoxes but doesn't really give us the psychological background of the characters, as to why they do what they do.

Some cliché shots: explanation of the worm hole is exactly the same as in Event horizon. The girl running after the car of the departing father, only to be held by another loved one, queue dramatic music- wow, I haven't seen that before. The "beings" (or us in the future) simplifying their reality so it suits our cognitive capacities-come on Matthew, you've done that movie already! The robots look like Monoliths from 2001. Well, if you're gonna be inspired by Kubrick, be inspired by the sheer emotional and psychological subtlety and precision that makes 2001 a masterpiece.

"Human nature" is a very easy answer to explain both all the evil and all the goodness that is going on. Yeah we have survival instinct, also compassion for our loved ones, which may come into conflict with the overall goal of our survival as species. So where are all these forced-tear-jerker scenes coming from? What else is new since 2001 or Solaris? Is that all there is to it? A movie with this much ambition and hype was supposed to be a milestone in the genre, but instead it is a faint copy, easily forgettable. What we've seen previously from these guys in films like The Following, Memento and also in Dark Knight, hell, even Inception, is that they really know how to create memorable characters with unique insight into their psychological background. None of that complexity is to be found in this movie. The characters are made from cardboard and they feel like repetitions of other sci- fi movie stereotypes.

The dramatic substance of the movie, which is literally thrown to our faces every moment, does not live up to the quality of its' technical execution. Sure the visuals are great, but that's to be expected from a $169 million movie. Music is great too, though sometimes overused, but it's Hans Zimmer for crying out loud. What I enjoyed was the layout of the dystopic future, perhaps a little emphasis on how the world came to be that way would have made for a better and more plausible movie(don't even get me started on the absurd physics of this movie. good luck running from a black-hole).

Simply put, this film is by no means a 9, and it simply doesn't qualify for the top250 (though of course there are many titles there which don't qualify even for the top875384). I'll try to be as objective as possible here, but unlike the premise of this film, you won't be able to travel through a wormhole and warn yourself of the impending waste of three hours.

First, I'm not a SciFi fan, but rather (was) a Nolan fan, so I did want to give this film a chance. I don't claim to be a film expert by any stretch, but this movie reminded me of a similar experience with The Thin Red Line (1998) in that the entire film was a play on visual that subsequently lacked substance. Further, the visuals in this film were extremely boring! It's outer space, throw in something to look at, even if outside of textbook physics. With the exception of the black holes, it's literally black the entire time (or a Saturn backdrop)! They also poured in some heavy scores to make an attempt to glamorize the visual effects (or lack thereof).

So Earth is dying, but they really never get into the why's and how's in an understandable fashion that would help to put into perspective the importance of finding another planet to live on. Life on earth seems to continue for decades after they start their mission, which only exemplifies my point. Unless Einstein himself wrote this script, the dialogue in this film is meant to be so over-the-top that nobody in the audience is meant to understand it, nor question it.

I had an issue with the character development and lack of justifiable emotion. At no point in the film do you really care about any of characters because the storyline goes around like a hula-hoop. Good actors can't make up for their own lack of character development. Sure, Cooper cries when leaving his daughter, but he is on a spaceship up in outer space before his daughter can grab a tissue to wipe the tears away.

I think what bothered me most, and fits the theme for lack of visual effort, were the stupid robots!!! They are basically chrome ATM machines with block appendages! If I was going to cram a bunch of people, and adequate supplies, into a spaceship, I wouldn't design the robotic assistance to be a huge box that takes up half of the cockpit! Pure visual laziness...R2-D2 was more interesting while being created 30 years ago.

The more I write and think about this movie, the more I'm reminded of how awful it was. This to me was Hollywood hyping something up and ripping off movie goer's time and money! I went to this film and all I can say is it was the longest technical demonstration of bullshit i have ever seen. I'm having a hard time writing about this film because I honestly wish I could forget about the film.

The film has its strong points and those are visually appealing cinematography and an impressive use of sound. The negatives of this movie are however to many to put in a single review. The film has an alright beginning and the build up of the characters is done pretty well and you get to see Matthew McConaughey do some wonderful acting. However none of the characters were developed enough for you to care for them. However the movie jumped around so much from plot to plot that your emotions got shocked when very predictably a character gets killed but then the story moves right along with a nice action scene thrown in to keep you awake.

The movie is full of quantum physics Jargon that no one could possibly follow. The jargon is about an hour of the movie and I have a fairly basic grasp on physics having taken a few college physics courses but I can say for a fact that many of the things might be true out of context but in the frame of the movie didn't make any sense I'm not writing anymore in this review i just recommend you go see another film. It felt like a waste of a good night to me but judging by the reactions of all the people in my theater you will probably find it a confusing a deep trip into breath taking quantum physics induced acid trip. I watched this movie last week and honesty, after the ending credits, I couldn't talk like before. I couldn't think like I used to be. My head was exploding...It was the second time my head hurts like this (First time was Memento). You will not believe this movie's greatness and amazing work unless you know it's Christopher Nolan's masterpiece. What makes it even more amazing is all you see is really built and they're not green screen or anything. It's his specialty to make classic amazing movies. This one is the best movie of his entire works. You can feel every second... I will not say more...Just go and watch it...also don't forget to listen carefully as well. Sounds and musics are phenomenal. Go and watch it... Now...  What a huge pile of steaming poop! I could not believe that the movie critics gave this horrible movie a 9.2 rating.

The movie is slow as hell. The characters are so badly developed that you never care for them. Good actors play characters that appear in the movie juts to be disposed off soon after.

The special effects are pretty weak. You see the spaceship vibrating all the time but the faces of the actors are not reflecting the shaking or the gravitational pulls. But, of course, they make lots of ugly faces. You should see the movie Stealth to learn a thing or two about this kind of special effects.

The robot is the most ridiculous thing in the movie.

The plot is just so far fetched that I caught myself smiling at times.

Who let the writer into the cutting room?! 3 Hours! Are you serious?! Only an unabashed Christopher Nolan fanboy would have the courage to claim to have found any redeeming quality on this "practical joke".

$200,000,000.00 US Dollars. What a waist! I must echo the sentiments of many of the other negative reviewers. The movie moved into emotional elements of the characters without developing the characters. I felt nothing for the characters, and I REALLY wanted to. There were a few moments when I was interested enough to see how the makers were going to present some of the physics based elements, but nobody/nothing got spaghetta-fied (Neil DeGrasse Tyson's description/term).

It is really a love story disguised as a sci-fi fantasy. And not even a very good love story. I was so bored, I fell asleep for about 15 minutes. I felt like just getting up and leaving so many times but I thought maybe if I stayed it would get better. It didn't. I really hoped that the actors starring in the movie could make it better. They tried but it didn't help. Can I get my money back? How many millions of people could they have fed for the money they wasted making this movie? They could make it up to me if they donated the money they made from this movie to feed the poor in this country. This movie was so boring I literally had to leave the theater before I fell asleep sitting upright. I gave Interstellar a full hour to get more interesting, considering the rave reviews and ratings on this site that prompted me to see it. But I couldn't wait any longer.

The film was scientifically implausible to such an extent that I could not suspend disbelief and enjoy the film at face value. The character development was weak, the protagonist was arrogant and unlikable and the acting talent of many great actors was utterly wasted on this bomb. The dialog was predictable, unimaginative and flat.

While it did not affect the quality of the film, I was disappointed that the movie was based on the dangerous delusion that human beings might be able to find a new home in space, so people don't have to think too much about taking action on the very real climate change that is destroying planet Earth right now.

But it was the series of stupid moments in the first hour that informed me Interstellar was not going to meet my standards for an intelligent film. The first stupid moment was during the life-threatening giant dust storm scene, complete with large chunks of flying debris. After the family jumps into the truck and races home for shelter, the driver inexplicably parks the truck about fifteen yards away from the front door so that they all have to run outside through the dust storm before reaching the house. Huh?

Another stupid moment was when the protagonist is asked to pilot a gargantuan state-of-the-art space craft (apparently built by a few dozen people without any budget) less than an hour after he first surprises NASA with his first arrival. This pilot has not flown an aircraft for years and there is no way anyone, no matter how experienced he once was, could fully master the technology of this ship and be prepared for a complex space mission in the extremely short period of time that elapsed (evidenced by no change in the age of the pilot's children) between being asked to captain the ship and actually doing so. He almost instantly assumes full command of the ship and the crew and successfully takes the ship into deep outer space on a dangerous mission. This sequence of events had no credibility. It felt like some adolescent boy's fantasy come true.

The last-straw final stupid moment was when I realized that the female astronaut played by Anne Hathaway is wearing fresh make-up everyday including false eyelashes. Not a big deal considering the major problems with this film, but it nevertheless annoyed me. What competent astronaut is going to waste time and energy applying false eyelashes in outer space during a serious space mission? How would several years worth of cosmetics (along with false eyelashes) even get approved as cargo given the severe space limitations of a spaceship? How are we supposed to find this astronaut credible?

That's when I realized it really was time to abandon the film. I was getting downright irritable. The most pointless pack of poo ever made.

If you enjoy science fiction do not watch this dog under any circumstances.

It was like a very long boring sappy, idiotic episode of the twilight zone.

Gravity and time transmitted across dimensions, and lest we forget also love, FFS what kind of moron wrote this drivel.

I guess that cosmically transmitted love is the reason there is no military in the future, even though resources are beyond scarce.

And hmmmm what seems more difficult, using NASA's technology to transform a barely habitable planet circling a black hole, (with no sun FFS) or to transform, what was that other planet? Oh that's right Earth.

I see no need to detail the rest of the stupidity of the "physics" in this movie. They should have simply made McMconaughey a wizard, it would have made more sense.

But I must mention the magical space ship that can achieve escape velocity from a planet with 130% of Earth's gravity, ummm why didn't they use that rather than a massive 3 stage rocket to escape Earth? If there was ever a movie that impressed me this much it would be Kubricks "2001. Space odyssey" and Scotts "Blade Runner"... This one tops both...

Those who respect both of above mentioned films and directors will know what I'm talking about Everything is in it's place here: the direction, the storytelling, the musical score, the acting, the seriousness and grandness of it all, even the little humor breaks are quality beyond doubt Emotive drama dialogs and sequences are so well placed and paced, not feeling pathetic but on the contrary so much thought provoking...

Nolan has made his lifetime masterpiece INTERSTELLAR (2014) ***1/2 Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Michael Caine, John Lithgow, Ellen Burstyn, Mackenzie Foy, Matt Damon, Casey Affleck, Wes Bentley, David Gyasi, William Devane, Leah Cairns, Topher Grace, Timothy Chalamet, Brooke Smith (voice of Bill Irwin) Filmmaker Christopher Nolan's valentine (of sorts) to 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY (and to his daughter) continues his streak of audacious sense of space (literally) and the inner human spirit : set in the bleak future Earth is on the descent of humanity with continuous food demands and climate change with one Hail Mary of a plan by NASA - send a small crew thru a wormhole (just go with it) to see if 'they' can help us. A grand ensemble of talent assembled but it is truly a shining moment of cool-as-a-cucumber and deeply felt performance by McConaughey as the astronaut/pilot of the journey into the realms of desperation, anchoring the film with a transfixing turn (largely due to his interplay with young talented actress Foy as his daughter - later played with clear-eyed intensity by Chastain), no easy task with all the eye candy visuals that are indeed awe inspiring and a kissing cousin to GRAVITY for sheer amazement (one must see it on a big screen and IMAX would be a start as it was filmed in the medium). Hathaway has a few moments as well particularly with her brainy scientist dad Caine (a Nolan regular). The true stars are the breathtaking cinematography by Hoyte Van Hoytema, a stellar score by frequent collaborator Hans Zimmer and fantastic visual effects by literally dozens of geniuses. The only stumbling block is its slightly heavy handed message getting across but the Twilight Zone-ish final act makes up for it in spades. WOW! Listen "I'm not a smart man", but I have basic reasoning skills and common sense. Now whilst I understand that sci-fiction doesn't follow the rules of reality (suspension of disbelief and all), there still has to be coherency, rules, and order however fantastical within the made up world so that people buy into the movie. This movie lacks those attributes in spades and is a bitch slap to the viewer's intelligence.

In one snippet of the three hour non-sense you'll endure and I do mean endure, the intrepid saviors of the world decide to check out a water planet because their predecessor sent a beacon that this was a viable planet for new earth, but within minutes of their landing on two inches of water they realize that a giant wave had smashed their scout to bits promptly after she landed years before and they were about to suffer the same fate... but oh happy day they manage to escape wasting only a few hours of their time (but decades of earth time). Well that sucks but it makes sense that they had to check it out right? Not when you realize they could have avoided the watery planet from hell if the first scout hadn't sent out a beacon saying the planet was viable in the first place, after all how could she know that in the mere MINUTES between when she landed and was then smashed to bits?!?! Nice to know that when the fate of mankind is in the balance a responsible scientist would jump to such a rushed conclusion, "hey guys, I just landed here, looks great, come now xoxo."

Then you have another scientist on another planet who was supposedly selflessly brave enough to go on a one-way trip to scout a planet, then chicken shi!s out when he gets there and realizes it's not viable and he's a dead man so selfishly dooms mankind's one chance by having them waste their limited resources to get there just to unwittingly rescue him, but then decides he can still save mankind by killing his rescuers so that he can complete the mission all by himself, holy whiplash with his conflicting moralities/immoralities Batman.

I could go on and on but I won't. I conclude by saying it really irks me when a movie like this gets lauded as a masterpiece when it's really just acid tripping rubbish. I found Intestellar a beautiful movie to watch and be enthralled by. After countless low grade science fiction movies parading across the screen over the decades, this one will stay with me.

The viewer should watch it for story and not for the science - the cinematography is beautiful without being flashy; the acting is brilliant and musical score works perfectly with the story.

I was engrossed by the movie from start to finish, held there by the humanity and feeling portrayed by the director and the actors.

Why people feel the need to compare Intestellar to Kubrick's 2001 is puzzling - this is a completely different movie and one that, when I think back to watching 2001, is infinitely more watchable.

Why people feel the need to pile in rate the movie '1' is beyond me and, at the time of this writing 570,000 people had averaged the rating out to 8.7 - so, don't listen to the hate, just watch it and enjoy. My wife and I love Sci-fi and have been anticipating this movie for months! When we saw the 9.3 review (that's what it is now anyway) we were even more excited. So, off we went to the theater last night ready to be blown away.

We almost left the movie, which would be a first.

OK, the special effects are great, but the sniveling factor we couldn't stomach. I'm mean seriously, there was someone bawling on the screen nearly 50% of the movie. Many of the lines were so cheesy we look at each other like, "can you believe this?" If you like sad drama's, depressing story lines and crying astronauts give it a go. This falls under SciFi, but it really should fall under drama. Ugh, I'm trying to forget it. I waited with great anticipation for this movie and was sorely and truly disappointed. I don't understand where the 10 reviews came from? What planet were they on! Perhaps they were from viewers from the other side of the worm hole or black hole! I have been a sci fi fan for many years but this movie took a leave from all logical or good sci fi explanations. Plot was ambiguous. Storyline convoluted. Technology was not linear. One sees a 20th century Saturn V lifting the crew up to a 22nd century space craft. Sleep pods with crew jumping into them like they are going for a nap! Exploratory craft that operate like a Star War's movie. Landing on a water world with some silly time dilation theme that doesn't affect craft in orbit? Can't these people survey the world from orbit? Black holes, 5 dimensions with metaphysical connection! Shameless referrals to 2001. It was embarrassing. On and on for way too long. Han Zimmer's music score was good with a few good special effects. But that was it. OK, my first IMDb review. I REALLY wanted to like this movie. I love Nolan's work and I'm a science fiction fan. Sadly within an hour I was wondering if I could stick out another two hours. The actors are all great, and they get the few stars I'm willing to give it. I will admit that directing a big production like this is not for the faint-hearted and I'll give Nolan points for that. However, the story is so poorly constructed it just piles on frustration after frustration. Other reviewers on here have described the litany of illogical errors. I haven't read all 900 reviews but we have long known that black holes EAT stars and planets, and when they do, they give off titanic bursts of gamma and x-ray radiation that would sterilize entire regions of a galaxy. I'm willing to suspend my disbelief in service of just enjoying a movie, but when the entire premise is to find a more suitable home for human life and then you choose a planet apparently orbiting a black hole, well that just goes from suspension to just outright disbelief. If Batman had chosen to just use his magic freeze gun to stop the nuke in Gotham I think most Batman fans would have been groaning. That's the way someone like me feels about lazy plot devices like this.

There is also WAY too much unnecessary dialogue in this movie, the superb cast are wasted saying clichéd and hackneyed lines. The whole punchline of the "ghost" you could see coming in the first hour, so you just ended up wondering how they would get there over the next 109 minutes. I'm sorry but I thought the music was intensely annoying and was just designed to jar you awake every half an hour. Then there is the whole "Don't open the airlock! Don't open the airlock!" I was sitting there thinking "Just open the damn airlock and get it over with." Everything was either entirely predictable or completely illogical. Floating frozen clouds? Seriously? The least they could do was have Tinkerbell fly onto the set and explain how that could happen. I guess because Cameron got away with nicking Roger Dean's floating mountains in Avatar, Nolan thought no one would complain. But let's face it Avatar wasn't exactly trying to be clever and that's where this goes over the line. If you're going to delve into the BIG questions like Quantum Mechanics, Relativity and black holes you set yourself up to be measured by a whole new set of rules. Nobody complains about Harry Potter flying on a broomstick but have him try and explain it using Einstein and you're going to be in a mess of trouble.

As for the reviews comparing it to 2001, the only things it has that are the same is that it is set in space and there is a wormhole. Absolutely nothing else is the same and frankly it is an insult to compare this to Kubrick's masterpiece. And when people say, "get over it, it's just a movie" they're rewarding someone for being lazy. Just like Gravity this had all the elements to be a masterpiece if they'd just bothered to talk to a few more people in the science community besides Kip Thorne; who apparently understands the workings of the universe all except for the black hole which is Hollywood. 9.1 at IMDb? Seriously?? 4 of my 5 stars are for the visual effects. 1 star is for McConaugh and Hathaway. The Nolan brothers, however, get zilch for their bullshit cosmology mixed with banal sentimentality and quasi-philosophy. It is a mystery to me, why some filmmakers love to mix so much "science" into their movies, when most of it is so horrendously unrealistic, misleading, incomprehensible and incorrect. Kubrick avoided most of the science talk, and created an artistic expression of the space-and-time mystery. That's why "2001" will remain a masterpiece and why "Interstellar" will be soon forgotten. And the movie is also painfully slow, 168 mins, most of which are spent on closeups of McConaugh and Hathaway, with or without space helmet as well as worn and rusty space equipment, as if that would make it look more real... This is a formal request to Matt Damon, Matthew Mccougnehey, Christopher Nolan and the rest of the people behind this movie to give me three hours of my life back.

I warn anyone that is considering to watch this movie, Don't. This movie is riddled with plot holes, a storyline that is so formulaic and predictable that it borders on something a 5th grader could have wrote. If you watch the first 20 minutes of the movie, the rest of the movie you will just be waiting for the stuff that you know will happen to happen. There is little room for surprise, and even less room for enjoyment.

Adding to this, the visuals in the movie are a huge problem, in watching it I got a headache and motion sickness. So not only was I left with a feeling of wasted time after leaving the cinema, I also felt physically ill.

I feel the actors in this movie are all outside their comfort zones, and the acting feels very forced, and it feels like not even the actors in the movie want to be a part of it.

I would recommend this movie to anyone that enjoyed "The Room" with Tommy Wiseau, or Gigli with Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez. Because I think we have a new winner in the unwatchable movie hall of fame: Interstellar. This film is an example of having to many irons in the fire and not knowing what to do with them, which results in an over sentimental mess that is called Interstellar. Nolan finally shows clearly his hubris in that he thinks of himself as a cinematic mastermind, in fact he's just a Hollywood pet with cheap tricks. There is nothing wrong in getting the science incorrect, a competent filmmaker manages to work around the incoherence and still create a unified whole, Nolan on the other hand wants us to think that he understands the science behind Interstellar, but he also shows clearly that he doesn't put much trust in the audiences' intellect.

This results in an over abundance of exposition which is there just to inform us of how stupid we are. The sentimentality, which is most of the time laughable, doesn't go along with the overall structure of the film because the plot is disorganized. The problem comes from the inability to transform a concept into a film without allowing the audience to interpret what they are seeing - instead Nolan tries to overwhelm us with his elitist vision and it comes out as a mess because he doesn't trust his audience, he's lack of vision doesn't come from him not having a concept but from the inability to mediate that concept through a film, in other words: he is a bad filmmaker. Let me start by saying that I have enjoyed Christopher Nolan's work in the past; Memento, Insomnia, (parts of) The Batman Trilogy. I find him a very talented film-maker with strong ideas and visual sense. Therefore it makes me very sad to state that, categorically, this is an absolute turkey. In many places, the plot is so full of holes, that you can do little but laugh-out loud. There will be reviewers on here, talking about DEPTH, Intimations of Mortality etc etc. Forget it. This is just a total misfire. Actors used to say, despairingly, that they were playing Johnny Exposition - you know the guy who explains everything to the audience. Note I said Despairingly. This has almost every character explaining everything from wormholes to the Mystery of Love (oh yeah). After a totally boring, drawn-out beginning which seems to be there to prove that Nolan has watched The Grapes of Wrath many times over, we get the first huge laugh when we meet Sir Michael Caine, with a laughable Posh - Cockney - American accent. He is playing the part that Sam Shephard (in this) or Morgan Freeman (usually) play. He is not up to it; never was never will be. It takes a certain amount of skill to be able to deliver line after line of pseudo-scientific gobbledygook and make it sound real. Caine's performance - like so many of his performances - screams out "Where's my bleedin' paycheck?" When Coop (Gary Cooper - westerns - get it) agrees to fly this practically suicidal mission to the outer reaches of space, he blasts off like a Cosmic Cowboy, all bravado and charisma - at which point his fellow crew member shows him - with a pen and paper - what a wormhole is. Yes, when he is leading a flight into outer space, a little late doncha think? It gets worse, when poor Anne Hathaway, playing, as my son said - Science Girl, has to recite a monologue about Love and how it can cross all dimensions of space, time, blah blah blah. I really felt for her. I won't expand on the Plot, I couldn't if I wanted to. And the last 30 minutes have to be seen to be disbelieved. This is NOT one of those films that you see and forget immediately, you will wake up in a few months time, laughing at Michael Caine's last scene or his recital of Dylan Thomas' famous lines - not once but twice...and the End. Oh the end. McConaghey gives it his all, having to cry on more than one occasion - believe me, I know how he felt. Don't believe anyone if they tell you 'you didn't GET it'. That's like saying you didn't GET an episode of Two and a Half Men. Ambitious yes, but a turd is a turd - even if they meant to produce a new hybrid Rose. Even the title Interstellar evokes greatness, and the movie express this greatness through terrific photography supported by great picture quality (go to IMAX 70mm) and definitely communicated by soundtrack. Nolan knows that when you have Hans Zimmer on board you have an insurance: with his music you can transform even your dog daily service in an epic movie. Moreover the movie has a wonderful editing which give a great pace to the story. 9/10 on everything up to now. But when it comes down to the plot we barely reach 6/10. I will never understand why those Hollywood mega-productions that can do everything and have all these great subjects cannot avoid to make trivial mistakes across the plot. While looking at the movie it is like realizing that some good person had great ideas starting from the subject following with great details like the dust, the robots, the hibernation beds, and then somebody comes and place here and there some very simple mistakes. Here some:

First of all,the whole thing does not add up: the first time Cooper leave earth, who sent him the NASA coordinate?? NON SENSE.

second, at the starting of the movie you know the ending because too much emphasis has been placed on the message 'STAY'. I understand it adds a lot of drama to the departure scene but really spoils the ending. From there on you are only curious on how he will communicate back, which became clearer while watching the rest of the movie.

Third, I loved the transition between the departure from home with the truck and the rocket launch BUT wait a moment. Three stages Saturn V rocket to reach the Earth orbit (..OK they were using spares from Apollo mission..OK..) and in all the rest of the movie these guys land and launch from 3 different earth-like planets by using simply the small spacecraft??? C'mon.

Fourth, OK, you are trapped and the only person who can save humanity by communicating through time and what is the first thing you send to your daughter? Of course binary coded coordinates of NASA installation!! Not your name, not her name, but coordinates of the NASA launch site, so that the younger-yourself can LEAVE!If only all that you want is for him to STAY which is what you will send immediately after. OK maybe he do not know that he, him self, will start the whole thing just by following those coordinates..:/ WTF!!why?? Guys, I can understand you need to send Cooper to NASA, but couldn't you find something else?

Fifth. This is minor, but really annoys me that in 2014, in the Interstellar production, you, screenwriters team, need AGAIN to make someone to slide and fall and trap her leg to create AGAIN the run-for-it-but-I-cant scene, on a planet in which every minute is a year wasted in the search for humanity salvation and to bring back some unknown data!? C'MON!

You guys, have the best technicians and movie artisans, can afford almost everything you like, then again, why you have to slide on the banana peel? I will never understand. This film is just legendary, I do not see why people are hating this film, its unpredictable and well just plain brilliant. A lot of the science in this movie is true (for a science fiction film). I believe this is Nolan's best yet and I believe that its probably the greatest film ever made. Matthew deserves an Oscar for his role (no joke) and Hans Zimmer's soundtrack is a masterpiece in it's own right (completely new and different from his previous work, check the dark knight trilogy and inception). The FX are brilliant and their are no complaints from me. The acting is just great and it really asks questions on who we are and our purpose. So overall to conclude this film is just MINDBLOWING! I can't believe that there are so many glowing reviews of this movie. On the plus side: brilliant CG, FX, cinematography. On the negative side: the awful acting, the terrible plot, the script, the hokey comic book physics explained for the lowest common denominator in the audience.

I really liked McConaughey in Dallas Buyer's Club - by far the best thing he's done to date. But in this movie? Just another fly-by-the- seat-of-the-pants astronaut, risking everything and everyone, but it all works out in the end. Of course.

Way too much time at the start of the movie setting up the ending, which came as no surprise whatsoever, thanks to the 'ghost'. And then we discover that 'love conquers all'. Including science. Of course.

Probably most of the reason I rated this so low is because with a name like 'Interstellar' I was expecting way too much depth on the intricacies of theoretical interstellar travel, the time relativity concept, et al. Sigh.

And the smart-ass, wisecracking robot was the last straw.

Just. So. Bad. Oh my...

Another "Science Fiction" film made by those geniuses who never took a science class in life.

Interstellar, is a boring slow, plodding condescending type of film that thinks is much more smart than it realty is.

Cant't just people go and explore three planets without this melodramatic nonsense? Wouldn't it be much better if all this humanist approach was discarded in favor of a story based on the true adventure of traveling through a wormhole?

If people want drama there are a huge number of other (much better) films. If I want to feel bad I will watch Schindler's list... If I want some good Science Fiction I will watch Aliens. Is it that hard for people to get it?

This was supposed to be a science fiction adventure, for god's sake. Why do these genius have to butcher what could have been a great film with all this over-bloated sentimentalism, this sacchariny mess?

This is yet another proof that the masses are brain dead. They laud anything that is over complicated, with mindless twists, with some sort of stupid revelation as the work of a genius.

Interstellar is another extremely over rated film. It rivals Prometheus in stupidity!

I'd rather shoot a nail through my foot than ever watching it again... There's no black hole like the script of this film, which seems written by someone without experience who gets into a maze of nonsense and fixes it all with "love". Gosh. It gets me on the nerves because I love stories about space exploration and new worlds and this movie didn't provide me but too few glimpses of that. And they were mostly rehashes of things from the 2001 saga and Contact. CGI were OK, but when they had the chance to imagine alien worlds they provide uninspired, boring settings. It all seems like a poorly written derivative story by someone who is too young and inexperienced to understand that a narrative must have some logic in order to work.

If they wanted to tell a love story, well, it isn't good either.

And no, I can't do what some "science" blogs say and recommend the movie despite not liking it with the hope that young people will get more interested in science. BECAUSE THEY WILL NOT. I didn't get interested in martial arts when I saw Mortal Kombat as a teenager. This kind of movie only promotes incoherence and irrationality. This movie felt like it tried to accomplish two simultaneous and somewhat incompatible endeavors.

First, it was thought-provoking. Many questions were raised. What would life on earth be like if our climate runs amok? What happens to government when we all have to live hand-to-mouth? Are "they" out there communicating with us? Is it the essence of humanity to survive, or is it to pioneer, and, by extension, evolve? Second, it was also an adventure. I watched this in a full IMAX theater, with eighty bajillion watts of Super Thunder-Round Sound, or whatever the kids call it now. The visual effects definitely shine on the IMAX screen. The format switches occasionally, and usually imperceptibly, between 70mm for the scenes with dialogue, to IMAX format for that full-on dose of retina-overload spectacle. This movie is a wonderfully fun ride through a strangely familiar extra-galactic world. There are also plenty of tense moments, after which you realize you've been holding your breath.

I'm glad I went to watch this. That said, I think the film suffers a little from trying to be both an adventure thrill about the dangers of space travel, let alone an actual confrontation with a nemesis, and also a multi-layered allegory involving the dimensional tangle of time, gravity, love, and what it means to survive.

It asks more questions than it explores. While it fills in for the missing answers with white-knuckled brushes with death, it wasn't as intellectually satisfying as I hoped. I spent an hour discussing the thoughtful components with a friend. In the end, we were grasping to find symbolism, metaphors, or other messages about humanity. We never coalesced "the message" of the movie.

But did we need to? It was, as I said, also a thrill ride. The adventurous climax was a little less than terrifyingly dramatic; I can't say I had the same post-climactic cathartic experience as I've had for other movies. But it was a definite end, closing most of the open plot points. I certainly felt moved by the characters' resolutions.

I was suspicious that Matthew McConaughey could convince me that he was a space-ready engineer; it turns out that he didn't need to, because he did convince me that he was a dad that loved his children as much as any dad could. I think all the leads delivered solidly: Caine, Lithgow, Hathaway, Damon, Chastain, Affleck... I connected with the characters and felt their pain and happiness.

Hans Zimmer played up the drama in the music a little heavily, I thought, and unnecessarily. It wound up creating the opposite of the effect I think he intended. Many of the scenes could have used a lighter touch, musically. Some of them worked brilliantly.

Although I had my quibbles, the final analysis is that I would definitely choose to watch the movie a second time, but I'm not making plans to, for now. Intersellar. What Christopher Nolan has done so good with this movie was that he kept the plot simple,but we know that it's Christopher Nolan so it not going to be a simple movie. It's not. The overall plot is that the earth is dying so cooper(Matthew mcconaughey) and a team of scientists must go and find another place to live. The acting is great,what makes it so great is cooper and his daughter. Every time they were together it was WOW. The visuals were on another level. If you can,see it on the biggest screen possible. Some people may not like this movie because it talks a lot about science and many other things but you enjoy that, you will have a blast with this.Overall interstellar is a must see. I think it was Nolan's best film. First, about the pain, which is mostly due to the sound. I don't know how many times we're in a rocket ship blasting off somewhere with everything shaking, the cameras jiggling, the astronauts grimacing, and the sound track roaring, screeching, thundering, blasting the eardrums—I really did have to plug my ears by the end of the movie. Add to that the so- called music, which consisted mostly of even higher mountains of noise, mostly produced by a big pipe organ pumping out its gargantuan decibels in the form of a few simple chords—hardly music, merely a musical instrument adding to the overall accumulation of noise. I don't think anybody should be credited with creating "music" for this film.

As for the stupidity, I was lured into the theatre by publicity claiming that the film had got the science right, or at least the graphic representation of a wormhole and black hole. Well, the graphics may have been right, but they were pretty standard stuff as far as eye candy goes, hardly worth the price of the ticket. What about the science? Maybe it was correct on every point, or on most points, or only on a few points—who knows? Only someone with degrees in quantum mechanics and astrophysics would be able to judge. For the general audience (obviously, the audience the film was aimed at), the science talk came across as sheer gobbledygook. There was no effort to explain the ideas for the public. The jargon was just spat out here and there with the purpose of raising a smokescreen for the current plot point. Very annoying.

I wanted to enjoy this film. I hated not liking it, knowing how much money and effort went into making it. But by the time we got to the last 20 minutes or so, I'd had enough and had to fight the urge to walk out. In fact, I did get out of my seat and watched the last 10 minutes or so from the back of the auditorium near the exit door. This is the movie that proves what many people by now have already realized: People are being payed to write 10 stars fake reviews! Let me tell you this: This movie is really NOT that great!

First, it's too long. It takes one hour just for the space mission to start.

It's slow paced and VERY sentimental, or, in other words, most of it is boring.

I'm not an English native speaker, but my English is not bad either. I have no problems watching movies in English, and yet it was very hard for me to understand the main character's mumbling in his farmer accent. All other actors spoke properly, except him, the most important one.

The plot is not very logical: Planets just in front of a giant black hole?! Yes, this must be the place to live everybody is dreaming of.

Imagine your colleagues in the space station would say to you: "OK, we're now ready to fly down to that planet. You wait here. Don't worry, we'll come back soon, in... some YEARS!" You'd probably smile and say: "Wonderful! OK, go now!", right? One day they come back and are probably surprised to see you haven't committed suicide because of depression, even though you waited 23 years (!!!) for them. You must be the most patience man in the entire Universe.

And again a female "scientist" who looks like a model and behaves like an amateur. An obligatory part of every sci-fi movie nowadays.

This is just to give you an idea. There is much more, so read the other negative reviews.

Good night. And good luck. I was excited for this movie. I liked pretty much all of Nolan's previous movies and I love sci-fi. Judging from the reviews, I was expecting something similar to the quality and entertainment of Inception. What I got was probably one of the most boring movies I've seen on cinema.

The movie is unnecessary long, the dialogs are predictable and make you laugh, and the subject of the movie (which btw is not interstellar traveling) has been done several time before (awfully usually). We get it. Family is important, love is valuable. This is not a sci-fi movie, this is his is a family movie about a father's love for his children.

I will not go into details to avoid spoilers, but there were about 10 minutes after the first slow hour that got me excited for the rest of the movie, but it was only a break and we were back to boredom and more crying by McConaughey. I found the acting pretty bad, which I guess is a result of the awful script, since I liked McConaughey's acting on Dallas Buyers Club (and partially on true detective). When I watched this movie years ago, I got obsessed with it, even six years later I continue to watch the movie repeatedly. The story is unique. Yes, it is about space like many movies, but not a single movie about space can even come near to Interstellar. Your whole body is immersed in the plot, you are on the same emotional level as the actors, Matthew McConaughey and Jessica Chastain but also Christopher Nolan who did a phenomenal job. My heart was pounding in those exciting scenes. I can't even describe how perfect this movie is. It is my all-time favorite and I can just recommend it to everyone. My favourite movie so far.Everything in this movie is perfect. I think that the essential element of this masterpiece is the music. Never again a music will match so well with a movie. At the end of the movie, my mind was blown away and I couldn't think about anything else. That's why we love movies! I am not sure if we fully understand the movie or if we should or if we can. Its just like watching a beautiful sunset. Slow, Beautiful, Inspiring and Philosophical.

The sound and especially some times the lack of it in the space scenarios is amazing. The movie was used as a great canvas for Hans Zimer to unleash his raging musical art.

I recommend watching the movie with an open mind and in an uninterrupted, high-definition format. Keep your questions to the end and then look into the IMDb forums if still unanswered.

Some of the earlier scenes in the movie may not be as gripping to an extent that I wanted to take 1 or 2 stars off my review score , but they are necessary in building the characters and an in-depth plot. DISCLAIMER: I'm in general, a huge Nolan fan.

There are times when you can ignore plot holes in films, and times when you can't. You can overlook some when the pacing is fast, or when the film doesn't take itself too seriously. Unfortunately, Interstellar does neither - it's unnecessarily slow and takes itself really, really seriously. And it's full of plot holes, fallacies, paradoxes, and logic taking a beating in general, to fulfill some emotional quotient - which, I must say, worked on most people.

Let's start with the whole premise the film is based on - in the future, earth's resources have been drained, and everyone has turned into farmers - with conscious efforts to eradicate science education in general to force people to go into farming. Let's take a moment here to realize just how ridiculous that premise is.

Moving on - our protagonist is a genius NASA astronaut/engineer turned farmer (because, y'know, everyone's a farmer) - and the first half mostly shows him bonding with his family, with completely unnecessary scenes to prolong the film - like taking down a lost drone (by pointing things towards it), which had no relation to the story later whatsoever. Then our hero stumbles onto a NASA facility (if you aren't a farmer, you're with NASA) after decoding things which occurred due to... uhh, gravitational anomalies. This NASA facility, as claimed by uberscientist Michael Caine, was humanity's best kept secret, though 5 minutes into that - all our hero's family members were informed about it.

So anyways, since our hero stumbled into the facility anyway, uberscientist decides to send him into space to save humanity because, well, just like that. We get to see our hero saying goodbye to his family and immediate fast forward - he's in space! No training, no nothing! Economic storytelling, certainly, and it would've worked, had the other "scientists" on board later didn't have to explain things and plans to him on the fly (which, for all intents and purposes, should've been explained before leaving) - and having conversations that were mostly like what college freshmen studying physics would have. (Oh, and discussions about love! Love transcending all dimensions - when humanity is at stake!)

Anyway, so future earth has the technology to do all this, and build robot A.I.s which were more human than most humans, but it doesn't have doctors any more, or any other visible technological advancements for that matter. All efforts to save humanity were concentrated on ONE and just ONE uberscientist, who'd been working on his cure-all formula for years. And every other scientist have just been waiting for him to solve it all himself! (And what's this? Other nations you ask? Well there ain't no other nation apart from the USA to do earth saving, is there?) This is something I particularly take offense to, scientists don't work that way.

So, Nolan throws more science at us on the fly, which everyone dodges. But in the end, everything is explained by, yep, five dimensional space! Somehow our hero gets into such a space, goes back in time (opening up a ton of paradoxes), behind a bookshelf in 5D space, and uses vague messages to communicate with his daughter back in time, instead of giving clear messages like "I'm your father back in time". His daughter, when all grown up - suddenly realizes that it was his father all along and we get no clue as to how she got to that conclusion - but hey, PLOT TWIST! And with that new information, she becomes the new uberscientist, saving everyone. How? By making an orbiting space station around Saturn (for which you somehow required "quantum data" from other galaxies and black holes?). So okay uhh... it's complicated.

There are however, some great visuals (3D would've done justice) and soundtrack in this, and hence the 5 - but ultimately nothing we haven't seen before. Beyond all that glitter, there's no gold - just a forgettable movie. Firstly, I quite like the movie in terms of visuals and the sound track. About 10 minutes in though, I find myself wishing for sub-titles as the actors' voices are inaudible. (I like MM but where is Clooney when we need him?)

Now, the story idea is not half bad except Nolan misunderstood the meaning of Sci-Fi...the fiction part of 'Science Fiction' refers to the science portion of a narrative, not the human story. Leaps of faith can be justified with stretching science, especially in areas not fully understood/known by people. The human part of the story has to be true for the audience to relate to (unless there is a setting in the story for human evolution that makes them different to what we are now.)

Too many illogical human behaviours are just strung together to move this along and I believe Nolan hoped that the great visuals will distract us from thinking about what is going on. I will highlight a few that ruined the movie for me, even though plenty more were present. Watch out...spoilers below!

1)Murph had experienced the 'ghost' from a young age yet didn't know who it might be; yet, when we find out that the 'ghost' is Cooper, she suddenly comes to the same realisation?!? That is of course essential to the story or otherwise she will not take what he transmits seriously, yet there is no reason for her to link the 'ghost' to her father. He could have easily added a message of 'This is your dad' to her, but he never did; and even if he had, it wouldn't work with the younger Murph...if he had located the older Murph (when she was retrieving her stuff), then maybe it will make more sense...very lazy story telling here as it could have been easy to add (maybe 20 seconds of screen time?). This one thing is key to the later part of the movie and without it; the movie couldn't go along the lines it did.

2)Assuming we accept that Tor and Cooper did work out the mystery of the black hole that relates to their calculation and he transmitted all the data through her watch. Even if she did figure out that it's a message from her dad (or from someone important), she wasn't paying attention to the message. It is like tuning in to a radio talk show (on serious maths no less) mid-way through a program, there is no way for her to decipher the full message if she missed the first large chunk of what was sent.

3)He knew that the message 'Stay' wouldn't work to keep him on the ground. Shouldn't he try a different message? Of course, that would change history and likely Nolan didn't want to go near this paradox...but this is Sci-Fi and I'd welcome the debate that would bring...instead, he rehashes the same old, knowing it wouldn't work.

4)Young Murph was understandably upset with her dad when he left...but she becomes part of mission control? Hang on...she has firsthand knowledge of what her father is up to... she knows about plan A, Plan B and the importance of the mission...yet, she wouldn't send him a message? If she became someone outside the scientific field, I can at least accept her continued anger, but putting her in mission control makes it unacceptable. (She should at least be so upset that she wants no part of a mission control which sent her dad away. Otherwise, she should understand why he had to go. )

5) Murph has a space station named after her so she has some cloud on 'her' space station. When she suggested that Coop goes to Brand, she could help with getting him a spacecraft. Instead, he had to steal one...really? Security is not a concern in the future? A guy who has been out of the loop for almost a century just walks into and starts up a craft, knows all the correct codes to open air locks and even the way out?? (Maybe unlike now, aerospace technology does not improve in a century?)

The above really killed the movie for me.

Sidenotes:

A) If according to their plan, skimming just outside the gravity field to go into the water planet quickly, they surely didn't spend 3+ hours there. How did it translate to 23 years? (Well, I spent almost 3 hours watching this nonsense, so maybe it is possible. Not in the way it was shown though.)

B) If all of Cooper's electronics failed on entering the black hole, how did TOR survive? TOR is fully electronics! Poor story telling as this could be explained under sci-fi rules yet wasn't done.

C) Why would Murph travel 2 years to the space station, with all her family in tow, to visit her father...yet on seeing him, sends him away?

D) Dr Mann and Cooper walked to the edge of the cliff...yet Brand takes a few minutes on a spacecraft to reach there? She took so long that Dr Mann had the time to WALK back to the station to board the other spacecraft, before they FLY back. Ridiculous! (Nolan, this is not a commercial flight... flying cannot be so much slower than walking by any stretch of the imagination.)

Overall, without a logical human story, Interstellar is just a decent visual and sound show...its almost 3 hours play time is too long when audience is not absorbed into the tale.

This movie is not a 1 in reality, it's more a 5-6, but i need to make that stupid average rating go down.

I couldn't understand why this movie has a 9.0 in IMDb. But now reading the comments here I finally get it, it's good advertisement, the best advertisement that I have seen in many years.

This movie will drive you crazy if you know something about astrophysics (or normal physic) and you have seen enough movies in your life. Because there are way too many clichés and too many pseudo-physics, not fake physics like the Disney's films, pseudo-physics like 'ancient aliens' from "History" Channel.

PS: Sorry for my English. I gave it a 5 because I did enjoy some part of the movie (the effects and sound), otherwise, it would get a 3.5 out of 10. Almost 3 hours in a cinema is way too much for this lazily told story. (Plus, there's a chance you'll age 23 years.) I sure wouldn't watch it again. Well, it is interesting for sure to see reviews for this film at the extreme ends, either loving or hating. I like to watch movies but I am not like some who seem to be students of film. I didn't know going in that Interstellar would be nearly three hours or that Nolan had directed the film. I hated Inception. Also, I have a bit of a problem when people always bring up the Science in a Science Fiction film. it is in fact FICTION. However, Interstellar was just dreadful. the first hour they were on a farm in the middle of who knows where. Nothing was established. How long had it been since Cooper had flown. What was his involvement in his previous career? How did the world get to like it was portrayed in this movie? Also, I had a problem with the premise that Mankind was never meant to stay on earth. What? Then Cooper is asked to fly a mission and doesn't even have time to reacquaint with current technology but he can dock a ship while spinning at over 50 miles an hour. Hmmm. Like others said, there is no character development so you don't care about these people. The dialog also had a lot of problems. I was angry when I walked out. I couldn't leave early because I was with someone. Ugh, what a waste of time and money!  As a sci-fi fan, who loves 2001 SO, Contact, Gravity and many other movies that deal with with the topics also covered in Interstellar, I have to say, I have no words to describe the movie. It just took me for one hell of a ride! The score provided by Hans Zimmer was an extraordinary piece of work. It fits the movie so well that it was like the movie was made to fit the OST and not the other way around. There is an interview with Christopher Nolan, in which he states that he wouldn't allow Hans Zimmer to know exactly what the movie's plot device is, he only told to him that he has to focus on the connection between father and daughter. If this is the truth - WOW! it worked flawlessly!

I won't go and describe what I saw on the big screen because this is something that anyone that goes to see the movie has to experience for himself... I can only tell you that after I saw the credits, I attempted to get off my seat, it didn't worked. I tried again, pushing harder - it barely worked. Moments after I was at the theater's exit heading out for the bus. I saw it coming just right on time with me, but I didn't get on. I was compelled to walk and think. Think of what I saw... My head was aching, my ears too and my eyes were closing only to call back images from the movie. I got home and found myself undressed and dressed with my casual home clothes. Then I realized that I have also walked the 7 kilometers road to my home without noticing... I was still in the movie, I must definitely been, because only there the time behaved the way I was feeling while coming home... Just watched this in New Zealand. The IMDb rating is still above 9 at the time. Not sure it will stay there though. It's not a bad movie but it's not a great one either (which a 9 should be). It's creative in terms of story but it is drawn out. It goes for the Gravity look and feel, being slow, filmed in space and with dialog often replaced with music, but it does not have the suspense of Gravity. It's doesn't draw you in. It just doesn't have enough substance to carry it off. It has plenty of promise but lets you down in the end, especially once you pull all the pieces together to formulate what's going on. It's still worth watching, at 7/10, just don't expect a 9/10. A simple farm guy named Copper (Matthew McConaughey) and a few other experts go into outer space to explore other worlds that might sustain human life. It seems that that life on Earth might not survive due to to some unexplained environmental disaster. Naturally nothing goes right.

WAY overpraised and terrible sci-fi movie. When I heard the plot from this I expected the worst. Writer/director Christopher Nolan has never been a favorite for me--I HATE what he did to Batman in his movie trilogy. I thought that he as trying to imitate Stanley Kubrick ("2001") here but it's far worse--he's doing Steven Spielberg! The movie runs WAY too long (165 minutes) and they're constantly pushing family friendly values in your face. Cooper's non-stop yammering about his daughter got on my nerves instantly. Also that stupid fake southern accent he adopts is immediately annoying. The story is very slow and all the characters are cardboard cutouts you've seen in other movies. The special effects are flawless and there's some beautiful cinematography here but the extreme length and boring story really weigh it down. Any sort of statement they're trying to make on time and life is completely deadened by the script. Also this movie is very manipulative and way too sentimental. They go out of their way to make the audience cry--like at a Spielberg movie. Well I did cry--tears of joy at the end that this was over! Also the gaps in logic and plot holes here are very annoying. I lost track of how many times I rolled my eyes at the dubious "logic" served up here. The acting was as good as it could be (I guess) but, at the end, they throw in a surprise guest star (who I won't name). It didn't help because I think he's a terrible actor and this didn't change my mind. I was bored and looked at my watch MANY times while this played. It's boring, obvious and manipulative. Why is this getting so much praise? Skip it. I believe that the film did more than enough justice to the science fact/fiction part of it. With this movie, Christopher Nolan tried to answer some questions that science is yet to. The transition form fact to fiction was seamless. Even though some of the sequences in the movie are open to scientific debate, they are simply beautiful - visually and emotionally. As far as the story goes, I could care less as the stunning visuals and great background score more than makes up for it.

For those who are not fully satisfied with the story, I can understand, could be because of a very high bar set by Christopher Nolan himself. However, Don't let it hold you back if you like Nolan's movies.

If you're gonna watch it, watch it in IMAX. ﻿ OK, as a start I'm not a scientist, I don't know much about astrophysics or physics in general, so you can imagine if someone like me is disturbed by the scientific level of this movie, it might mean something.

I don't know whether the farmers' association of Iowa sponsored the movie, but the starting point is that due to some mysterious circumstances, sand storms and droughts plague humanity. And of all possible crops, corn, one of the least drought resistant crops, is the one to survive? This is laughable. Also, the nitrogen level in the air increases mysteriously, although we never learn why and what might cause it. The only hint we get is that our appetite for electronic gadgets might have caused this situation. OK, right!

Strange enough there is nothing scientists can do about it, or they all have given up hope and now believe in Ronald Reagan playing Neil Armstrong in 'Moonlanding II'. Except for a top-secret NASA project that seeks to find a new world humanity can destroy, and that can make space rockets start unnoticed by anybody in the middle of the US. This group is apparently so short on personnel that they immediately recruit a guy, who just accidentally stumbles into their headquarter, as an astronaut. The mere fact that he once used to be a pilot out matters all missing training that astronauts usually go through before going into space. Although the crew starts out on a pretty standard 20th century space rocket, they magically transfer into a hyper-modern long distance space ship, that somehow hangs around unmanned in earth's orbit. The newly recruited pilot - having worked as a farmer for years - neatly fits into the hyper-modern apparatus without the need of any training or upgrading - some people are just gifted and act on pure instinct.

We are then explained the concept of a wormhole with a piece of paper, before we, after some turmoil - caused by primitive human sentiments, such as love and aggression -, somehow end up in a black hole. At this point, my patience was drawing thin and I only occasionally took a glimpse at the film. The hero-pilot/instinct-astronaut can enter the black hole unprotected and even get out of it unharmed. Inside the black hole - which strangely enough is not black at all, but resembles a kaleidoscope on LSD - he quickly solves the formula for gravity with the help of a fellow astronaut- who happened to be dead, before he reemerges as a friend of some mysterious 5-dimensional creatures (who, by the way, remain completely mysterious all over the film). The hero- pilot/instinct-astronaut then transmits the gravity formula to his daughter on earth via Morse code (heaven forbid, if you think how long it takes just to Morse S O S, then imagine to Morse the expression "Double integral from minus infinity to one hundred"). The genius daughter of the hero-astronaut immediately decodes the information by throwing paper sheets around and saves humanity by creating a 5 dimensional room in space (that looks pretty three dimensional) as a copy of the earth, except that there is grass on the sky (to give us an idea of the 5th dimension) ... well, if you have lost track by now don't worry, watching the movie will leave you equally puzzled.

By NOT watching it, you'll save yourself the extended boring scenes of rocket wings that inflate this unedited masterpiece to nearly 3! hours, the emotional drama, and Anne Hathaway's monologue about Love, the misunderstood force that breaks all boundaries and overcomes all spaces, cringe worthy.

All in all, most probably the worst sci-fi movie I've ever watched. Compared to the pseudo-science and illogic of this movie, the guys from Star Trek really appear quite believable. Matthew M mumbles and mumbles. No idea what he's on about. MM is miscast. We need someone who is audible and attractive.

It's dusty but the dust doesn't settle on the corn. (No dust cloud follows the pick-up as they plough through the cornfield, chasing a drone.)

This is a totally unexplained encounter. The family are so busy watching the drone that they nearly drive over a cliff even though they are on their own land. Perhaps because they are driving the pickup blind, yet fast enough to keep up with a jet-powered drone. Hello???

No intelligible explanation for how MM landed the drone, what he found in it, how a groovy pile of dust helped him find the space station nor why they hired him to fly the mission. Why should Michael Caine be the NASA project director - he is hardly an obvious rocket scientist! Why such a bizarre robot? And did it wake them all up before the worm hole - or did I miss how that was to happen in the mumbles.

Lo and behold - despite having travelled for months to the wormhole end near Saturn, they find themselves right beside a suitable planet at the other end. But I guess that was the work of "them".

It is key to the plot, but there is no scientific concept that would make 1 hour on a planet into 7 years. And how come the open sea is paddle-able and a vast tsunami appears? Despite the size of the waves all is immediately calm and they seem to be predictable stuck.

Some equally improbable idea was going to solve this problem but I'd lost interest. It is the moment I walked out.

The movie to that point was uninteresting, and wholly illogical. I really thought with all the hype, it would be compelling, Instead it was plain irritating.

Anne Hathaway was okay. At least we could hear what she was saying! And we could hear everyone else for that matter. Poor miscast good ol' boy Matthew.

I have now read the Wikipedia synopsis, which is likewise unintelligible, and am hugely glad that I left - even though I have wasted one hour of the two hours I saved by writing this review! Interstellar, while visually stunning, is one of the most flawed films in recent memory. Flawed, because more time was spent rendering out the special effects than developing a screenplay worthy of the cast and budget. When you're a filmmaker who can make anything you want - on film - there is no excuse for your films to at-least bring something new to the table and work at a basic screenplay level.

Interstellar does not ask new questions and with a script that literally feels like a first draft --I'm just shocked that Nolan didn't develop this more. The entire core of this film is the relationship between our lead Cooper and his daughter - but this is so rushed and honestly, extremely cheesy, that we don't care what happens. They spend far too much in time in space - with a ridiculous plot involving Matt Damon - and cut back to Earth is sporadic cuts that pull us into so many directions.

This film proves that the Nolan brothers can not handle a couple of things: writing females and writing emotional characters that we're attached to. The dialogue was laughable - over the top in many places - and basically just a ton of one-liners. We cut from Cooper learning he has to go to space - says goodbye - boom on the rocket - NO ATTACHMENT. There is zero development here - just get him to space, which fails to tell the core story well - which bites this movie in its ass in the third act.

Forced. Rushed. However you want to put it - I'm sorry folks - it's not a great movie - not even a good one. Everything is spoon fed to the audience - no, not just the science - the twists - I didn't know on the nose screen writing was so acceptable in Hollywood - guess it is. They talk about ghosts so many times within the first act that anyone with half a brain KNEW there was something there - and if you know anything about space travel, black holes - or any of the stuff that is talked about in the trailers - can put two and two together and call the major twist in the FIRST ACT.

Come on Nolan, you can do better. OK, I am far from a critic.

I generally have an open mind about films. I watch a lot of them. I don't even take the time to review many. But I just don't understand how everyone thinks this is a good film. First, let me point out the good things. The soundtrack was amazing. Maybe it didn't work with every scene but it was nice to listen to. The production value was almost flawless. The space scenes were very believable. The acting was generally good. I like most of the actors in general.

BUT....the story..plot....I am not going to get into too many details. It just didn't work. You are fed so many physics/science concepts with no explanations. It's like taking one sentence from every science article on the net from the past 20 years and saying "just believe what I am telling you", even though it's impossible to understand from such simple dialog.

Then you are expected to believe......well MANY ridiculous things that somehow just happen.

I'll leave it at that. I am going to bed. "Interstellar" pretends to be more intelligent than Alfonso Cuarón's audio-visual roller coaster, "Gravity", but ironically its best moments are those which, like Gravity, rely purely on thrill and spectacle.

For the rest of the film we are crammed into a tiny shuttle with McConaughey and his crew, or back on earth with the desperate remnants of human civilization as they attempt to solve the problem of starvation. Most of the dialogue consists of reams and reams of contrived quantum-physics babble, which, if you're like me, will whoosh straight over your head like those exposition sequences in CSI, with brief moments of levity provided by the two -weirdly cubic looking- robots TARS and CASE.

Their journey to find another habitable planet is marred by a sequence of seemingly insurmountable problems that become progressively so ludicrous, it ends up impossible to take them seriously, albeit exciting to watch.

We already have to stretch our disbelief past the opening premise that the world is dying because of crop blight, yet they've managed to build robots that have human intelligence and can adapt a variety of shapes to achieve a wide range of tasks. One wonders why humans at this level of technological advancement couldn't have found a solution to curbing this unexplained blight other than blasting off into a foreign galaxy to try and populate a mysterious planet neighboring a black hole.

Glaring plot issues aside (and there are many), the film is at its best when in full space simulator mode and the audience is being catapulted into the roaring white light of a black hole, accompanied by Hans Zimmer's electrifying score (props to Zimmer for once NOT composing something that sounded exactly like Pirates of The Caribbean), making full use of the IMAX experience.

Performances are fairly solid, in particular Jessica Chastain as the grown up Murph, and there is enough raw emotion on show to push some of the more logically questionable moments past your cynic meter and give a sense of weight and importance to what is happening, even if you can't quite understand it.

Definitely worth watching on the big screen, but would I give it a 9/10? No way. This is a film that you will enjoy on face value, but once you leave the cinema you will start picking it to shreds. There are just too many inconsistencies, contrivances and blatant stupidity in the plot to call this a masterpiece, but I'd give it a solid 7 for blockbuster entertainment value. 'Memento' and 'Inception' had some problems, but their ideas stretched the imagination. 'Interstellar' only delivers the bombastic silliness one would expect if a puffed-up Batman director thought he could eclipse Kubrick's '2001' with a puerile adventure story. Christopher Nolan's new film begins badly and steadily declines as its long-winded prologue introduces the stereotypical elements of a Steven Spielberg/Norman Rockwell Sci-Fi co-production - a widowed ex-astronaut farmer, his chiseled jaw, a feisty daughter, a crusty grandpa, a dying Earth, dust storms, paranormal activity, baseball, cornfields - and lots of corn.

After about an hour - which seems like two - a valiant crew lifts off in search of a planet to save humanity. Once they've journeyed through an intergalactic wormhole, the implausibility dimension expands to cosmic levels. Scientific hocus-pocus is stirred into the sentimental sludge as gigantic tsunamis, deranged astronauts, spaceship chases, time travel tomfoolery and black hole baloney eventually lead to a schmaltzy Hallmark-style climax. The visual effects are above average, but far short of awesome. When all is said and done, the film's self-importance and mawkishness leave one rooting for humanity's extinction. I do not know how many more times that films like this can be made! I really ought to have known better when Michael Caine appeared in the films list of actors! Apart from, 'Get Carter' this iconic 'Landener' (aside from Ray Winstone) has done little of any note. A real definition of a 'one trick pony'. As for Hathaway... The robot! Puh-lees! When McConaughey first encounters it, I wondered exactly who or what he was talking to, then it became apparent to me that he was addressing the jerking slab of metal in front of him. Given that NASA had the technology for interstellar travel, could they have not come up with something a little more, well, 'humanoid'? This badly thought out, wisecracking, over sized 'cereal packet' was annoying to the nth degree and it didn't take much for me to imagine the Chuckle Brothers lying on the floor moving its 'legs' in order to make it 'walk', "To me, to you...", that kind of thing! Wheels, anyone? The space suits. What was all that about? I reckon that my local bargain store could sell something more substantial in appearance! Add to this, the Father In Law who seems permanently bemused, a doofus, idiotic Son and a whining, brattish Daughter and it's really little wonder that I'm taking this film to my local charity shop! Had I have been McConauhey's character, I would have been only too pleased to get on the rocket and once in deep space, murdered the entire crew, taken a sledgehammer to the annoying robot and then jettisoned the entire lot out of the airlock! Peace would reign! This film wasn't so much released as it escaped! It starts off with a farmer (Independence Day style), and then we are quickly transported into a world where the planet is doomed because... well... we're not really sure why, but it involves a lot of wind.

Then NASA gets involved and our heroes get sent into a kind of 'space' that comes complete with bad paintings of old 'hubble' pictures, lots of 'space' type language... and gravity. The gravity is ever present.

Nothing ever floats about, and they get 'skipped' off the orbit around Mars before whizzing past Saturn (it has rings) and arriving at a black hole. They get through the black hole (like that's possible), by looking slightly concerned and talking like cowboys.

The robots look and act like corn flake boxes, the humans (mostly well known), look bemused... and at that point... I had to stop watching. I was hoping it was all going to turn out to be a joke... but it wasn't.

I don't like ranting, so I won't. Suffice to say that if the Earth has to end... at least let it explode before Hollywood can make another 'turkey' like this.

Embarrassingly bad. The Plot:

In the near future, Earth has been devastated by drought and famine, causing a scarcity in food and extreme changes in climate.

When humanity is facing extinction, a mysterious rip in the space-time continuum is discovered, giving mankind the opportunity to widen its lifespan.

A group of explorers must travel beyond our solar system in search of a planet that can sustain life.

The crew of the Endurance are required to think bigger and go further than any human in history as they embark on an interstellar voyage into the unknown.

Coop, the pilot of the Endurance, must decide between seeing his children again and the future of the human race.

NASA's version of Sophie's Choice.

It's a horrible movie and I am shocked anyone likes it. Firstly, it doesn't get moving until nearly an hour into this crapola. By then most us us have checked out and have no interest.

The plot is idiotic and not even marginally based in the realm of scientific possibility.

I genuinely hated this movie. Don't waste your money, too long ,wanders too much , c script with B actor. I felt like I aged 50 years watching this garbage. Now I know why Matthew is doing Lincoln commercials. He screwed up so many movies and this is what is left. His only other worse movie was Dumb, oops I mean MUD . What is this guy thinking, whoever wrote this script must have been higher than Robert Plant in the 70's. I cant believe Matt Damon jumped in, probably for beer money. Matt Datmon was the only one worth watching. Wait until someone hands you the DVD for your library, otherwise don't spend a dime on this junk. Michael Caine was in it for the beer money as well. Overall, "Interstellar" was an underwhelming experience for me.

The film spent too much time establishing characters and relationships that in the end just felt unconvincing and contrived.

It was full of wooden dialogue. The parts in which the scientists dropped basic astrophysical knowledge in a Wikipedia-like diction were cringeworthy.

The conclusions to which they jumped (aliens put the wormhole there to save the human race, love has to be the fifth dimension) rendered these characters completely unbelievable to me.

The turn of events by which Cooper came to be the chosen pilot of the spacecraft, that was probably the most painfully impotent writing I have ever seen in a large budget movie.

The film completely failed to show the space pioneers having any sense of awe in light of the incredible things they were witnessing. When Cooper was told about the existence of a wormhole near Saturn and the habitable planets on the other side, he took it like a boring lecture and the most obvious thing ever. This grotesquely ignorant attitude was visible throughout the whole movie. Characters only ever showed care and concern for their own families or abstract concepts like "the human race". I found this totally anthropocentric perspective not credible at all and highly unlikeable.

However, when the spacecraft passed Saturn, it was beautiful to look at. The spheric wormhole was simply breathtaking. Although the scene was way too short, it was one of the best.

The black hole and its center was also quite good.

Visually, the film lacked imagination and scope in every other aspect. Most of the space scenes consisted of unexciting chamber shots inside the spacecraft. The beauty and wonder of the foreign planets wasn't explored at all. Besides a very cool tidal wave, the most exciting thing happening there was a stupid brawl between two astronauts on a rocky surface.

There was also a risky docking maneuver in space that was thrilling, but depressing nonetheless. When a standard action beat such as a docking maneuver is the most exciting scene in a film about intergalactic space travel, you know the scriptwriter did something wrong.

The scene where Cooper meets his daughter as an old woman was very touching and well executed. It reminded me of one of my favorite Twilight Zone episodes, "The Long Morrow".

In my opinion, the film suffered from a weak screenplay and little imagination. I was very disappointed after seeing this movie. Especially after having read so many positive reviews. The portrayal of physics and astronomy here is so pseudo-scientific and so preposterous that I found myself constantly sighing or scratching my head all throughout the movie. I don't have a degree in astronomy or any other science field for that matter but the scientific freedoms that this movie takes are so incredibly blatant and obvious that even I found myself bothered by them. Even for a sci-fi it's far too liberal in this regard.

But that's not the only problem with this movie. The characters are paper-thin... and the way events unfold is often irrational or portrayed in a very contrived manner. For example, an Ex Nasa pilot stumbles upon a secret NASA base (which he found by interpreting strange dust formations into binary code which he then somehow immediately knew were map coordinates - makes so much sense, huh?) where he is immediately offered to pilot their only rocket which is to save mankind and is to launch the FOLLOWING day, because all their pilots are inexperienced and have only flown in simulators, whereas the protagonist has flown before, MANY YEARS back, and only BARELY leaving the atmosphere. But that's fine, they're sure he can manage an intergalactic journey, involving many years of travel, deep-space hibernation, traveling through a wormhole and finding a new world to save mankind. No need for any training or a medical check of course, surely he'll be just fine, he just needs to show up tomorrow for the launch. Incredibly, when our hero performs the greatest feat of space exploration ever - traveling through a wormhole, he and his crew-mates just play it cool, the feat is given no more significance than a casual stroll through a park. There are quite a few other examples too where the plot is painfully contrived and makes the whole movie difficult to take with even a bit of seriousness.

Another thing that completely broke the immersion was the very unscientific language that was used all throughput the movie. A movie that was supposed to be about space exploration and science... You'd have to be mentally challenged to actually believe that this insultingly simplistic chit-chat resembles anything close to actual scientific language that high level NASA scientists, professors and engineers would use. This is nothing short of an insult to our intelligence...

I'll end by saying I really fail to comprehend how people claim this to be the best sci-fi movie ever... It seems to me that we're stooping lower and lower in our expectations of what makes a film great. It's almost a standard now to expect a movie to be bad when reviews are surprisingly positive. First, I did NOT see this in IMAX.

If the director's goal was to make us (me, at least) feel ignorant because all the mumbo-jumbo is over our heads, he succeeded. Visually, it's pretty good, but not nearly as good as last year's "Gravity" and tries to duplicate the emotions of that movie, unsuccessfully.

The movie is way too long and overwrought. The acting is good, but the storyline is so convoluted that you don't really care about most of the characters.

And of course (SPOILER!), the Black guy has to die.

This might be worth seeing in an IMAX theater, if your ticket is discounted--otherwise wait for Netflix. If you thought Prometheus was ground-breaking, thoughtful, scientifically-plausible sci-fi, you will love this. This is another hollow, vapid "sci-fi" flick written by people who obviously don't love the category. They're so busy trying to explain everything, as if they're embarrassed by the very concepts they're presenting and don't want to be considered "out there" and still want to hang with the cool kids.

There are so many incredibly & laughably stupid and boring moments and decisions in this movie, that it is very hard to resist the urge to describe them verbatim. Understand, this is also hard to accomplish when the whole movie is staggered, Jenga-like, on plot twists.

I consider Memento, Insomnia, and The Prestige to be Nolan's best films. Inception was overwrought and over-hyped, but enjoyable. I thoroughly enjoyed The Dark Knight Rises, even though aware of serious plot holes and a borderline-excessive runtime.

For me, Interstellar is the worst of Inception (thinks it's more clever and important than it really is) and the worst of Dark Knight Rises (excessive runtime and damaging plot holes), without the fun or grounding of either.

From its overdone, overlong opening on Earth, those 40+ minutes make you wonder how a movie named "Interstellar" is ever going to get into space. McConaughey as Cooper is a former NASA astronaut, now just a farmer trying to sustain his crops, son and daughter in a near-future Earth wherein the planet is dying from a not-well-explained or illustrated depopulation and blight. It doesn't help anything that the actor has recently made those embarrassing Lincoln commercials and then to see him talking 'deeply' while driving a truck.

Right from the outset, within mere minutes, the only thought that runs through one's mind is: Has Nolan forgotten how to edit his films? Seriously, the whole first quarter or third of the movie is just a very contrived setup for the space adventure that follows.

As I stated, it's hard to be more-specific about the movie, and even certain characters and stars, without revealing key plot points. Cooper's daughter, Murphy, is a critical element of the story, as is the family home and (don't ask) the bookcase in her room. But, as much as the movie (or its makers) thinks that you're never going to figure out all of its secrets, they're actually quite obvious (if preposterous) just by knowing that everything is predicated on plot twists.

There are some interesting moments when things move into space, and some scenes that resonate regarding the expansive loss of time (relative to that experienced on Earth) for the 4 travelers on a mission to find a new home. But, that connection those scenes make with the viewer are nearly instantly lost because they are nearly all intertwined with stupid writing decisions. Why only 4 travelers? How could they possibly have enough fuel to travel to so many places when earlier expeditions made 1-way trips to only 1 place? Why would the crew split-up unevenly? Why wouldn't Earth send 2 women and 2 men instead of 3 men and 1 woman, when there's a chance they won't be able to return? At least, in a worst-case scenario, if all survived, and they did find a sustainable planet that they couldn't return from, they'd be evenly-paired and (if 1 woman had medical issues) they'd have a better chance to sustain the species.

You might think I'm nitpicking on this, but I assure you: this is something the movie itself gets you actively thinking about (species propagation) because of the "Plan B" option of the mission. (Yes, it is referred to as such in the movie.) Perhaps, most crushing to a real sci-fi fan, the film plays extremely loose with physics and depicts worlds which are made less-interesting than they first appear. With the ice world, in particular, there is a concept about its construction which is suggested...gets your imagination running beyond what you're seeing with the special effects, and then that cool vision is very shortly robbed from you.

And that, perhaps, is this movie's worst crime: Robbery. It robs you of your time, which is excessive but would be forgivable if it didn't also rob you of your soul and your imagination. Unlike a masterpiece of cinema like 2001: A Space Odyssey, which opens your mind and lets you ponder what is happening, Interstellar never misses a chance to tell you EXACTLY what it wants you to believe. Even to the very most revealing parts of the end. And, that the movie dares to suggest an opportunity for a continuance of the story...I'm sorry, this film was only slightly more intelligent and entertaining than the dreadful Transformers: Age of Extinction. As preposterous as that may sound, Interstellar is clearly cut from the same 'blockbuster cloth', without as much mindless action. As imperfect as Oblivion and Elysium were, they were at least attempts at "thinking man's sci-fi". This is really just a very flimsy father/daughter love story wrapped over to hide a bunch of sci-fi nonsense that its own producers were self-consciously embarrassed of.

...And then there are the robots. --The most inexplicable, ridiculously-designed robots ever to grace sci-fi cinema. There is a moment, in a scene set in a shallow ocean, where we suddenly see the full capabilities of the robots, but it plays a bit like R2-D2 actually having booster jets in the Star Wars prequels, but never having or using them in the chronologically-later movies. If you do torture yourself by watching the Blu-ray, have an extra laugh by watching the making-of documentary on how they articulated these implausible robots using practical effects. I went to watch this movie expecting it might be a decent sci-fi movie but it turned out to be yet another terrible crap. Here are the few reasons why I found it crap.

1. If a guy fell in a typhoon (a usual Earth disaster), it is most probable he will die, but Mr. Coop is made of some different material. The guy went inside a black hole (where matter collapse beyond nuclear and quark level) but he comes out in one piece with all his consciousness intact. This very presentation by Nolan just cheapened the depiction of a black hole.

2. So top notch team was sent out by NASA, yet they cry and whine about so small issues like "oh, I want to see my daughter back". Even at my company of 16 people we act more professionally.

Seriously people buy whatever crap is fed to them in the name of Nolan. I've been waiting for this movie for over a year. Big fan of Nolan's work, except Inception.

The movie is a soup of physics and personalities clichés, overstretched over 3 hours of beautiful visuals braided with a childish plot and stupid characters. A similar movie which comes to mind is Prometheus.

There is absolutely no connection with the people involved, and each and every one of them became unlikeable at some point in time.

The attempts to define the way people behave are as childish as the plot that reverts into itself. Worse than the worst episode from the Star Trek saga.

Apparently Hollywood must stick with the trailers, as they are brilliant. The movies that follow are trash.

Nolan should come down from the sky ego he's in, and start making good intelligent movies again. Such a pity...

IMDb of 9.3?! How many paid people are there to score 10s?! ou know those special movies that leave you with something more than you had before you watched them? They enrich you, teach you, show you. This isn't one of those.

Interstellar is the pathetic result of a lot of bad ideas slamming together in Nolan's mind, falling out as broken disjointed garbled mush in the script.

The script isn't the only problem with all of it's hammy hokum and lack of character. Even the heralded special effects are so cliché at this point that they hardly add anything to this abyssal cavity of broken ideas.

Here is what happened. Nolan saw some discovery channel show, or perhaps PBS, about the cosmos. He said to himself, "I could make an adventure movie about that." Unfortunately for those of us who recognize good cinema from average and just slop, he couldn't.

I watch zero budget movies with more thoughtfulness than this two hundred million dollar nightmare. Trade me all of the special effects in the world for one moment of realistic human emotion.

As cynical as it sounds, after seeing the 9 of 10 rating for this garbage, I question whether or not humanity would even deserve to be saved from the cataclysm. I love science fiction. I love Chris Nolan films. I love creativity, genius, art, film making. I just didn't love this film.

Firstly, the plot was obvious, the 'ghost' was incredibly transparent right from the moment it's mentioned for example.

Michael Caine is, as always, perfectly cast but somehow feels completely overused now in a Nolan film and it showed here. I understand the need for gravitas and an A-lister but for Interstellar it has become a tired cliché. Matt Damon ? My God, it's full of (film)stars but the bonkers astronaut was done better with Sunshine. Matthew and Anne put in fine performances but the connection is lacking. And frankly, I really expected so much more than the contrived 'love and humanity' theme. When Anne waffles her way through her reasoning for a particular decision point in the film I had to do a mental 'double-take'.

This film tries so hard to be a 2001: A Space Odyssey for the millennial generation and fails. Even the heavy organ soundtrack is too reminiscent of Kubrick. I'm not sure if it's supposed to be homage or a meant as a direct comparison. All it needed was a bunch of monkeys.

The visuals: they're good, but they're not spectacular like everyone gushes. I think Gravity held more beauty and impact than this. The wormhole sequence, despite clinging to science and projecting an image of a 3 dimensional gateway as closely as possible was just flat.

The best scenes ? You'll wish you saw more of TARS and CASE, the robots that look like 2001 monoliths miniaturised. They have the best lines.

I've always paid to watch a Nolan film more than once at the cinema, in some cases 3 or 4 times because of the story, acting and visual impact. I have no inclination to do so for this film, and that has shocked me most of all. I went to this movie based on all the good reviews I read. I thought it would be an intelligent scenario making use of some scientific theories like Relativity, Theory of Everything, Time dilation, Gravity Waves, Black Holes, Worm Hole etc.

Was I let down beyond ridiculous ! So the world's population is on the brink of extinction due to climate change and some kind of fungus is destroying all the crops and lack of water turned everything into dust.

And we get to meet this farmer (Matthew McConaughey) who used to be a very successful Astronaut / Pilot who crashed his aircraft so he decided to become a farmer to raise corn instead. Good choice because the world needs more farmers than NASA pilots. And he gets called in to Parents- Teachers meeting to discuss his children's future and the teacher says "We faked the moon landing to bankrupt the Russians" and the books will need to be updated to reflect this ! Good ammunition for all the loonies who still believe this crap ! They tell the father their children should study agriculture because the world needs more of them. Of course our sensible father wants his children to become scientists and wont tell his children what the teacher said. On the way home they encounter a drone and the father has in his truck all the gear (a laptop !) necessary to take control of the drone while plowing his truck in three feet high corn crop. This was only the beginning of the ridiculousness that followed. Somehow his daughter who is brilliant, is getting some messages with the arrangement of the books in the library. She says it's like a bar code of binary information. During a dust storm they see the dust arranged such a way to give a message to the father. This advanced civilization does not have any other means to communicate but has control of gravity!. So the father gets the message which are coordinates and drives his truck to the location which turns out to be NASA operating underground because Government does not want to spend money on NASA while the world is starving. Yet they have this huge rocket built by whatever funds they acquired waiting to be sent to a worm hole conveniently waiting around Saturn for them to go through...They already sent scientists across the universe to some other galaxy and getting back some messages but only limited success. So they need someone to pilot their rocket because they only had pilots with simulator experience. Of course our hero pilot who crashed his last mission is the perfect match for this job. His job is to figure out which planet is suitable for life and come back to tell the people of the world to pack up and move to another Galaxy ! Oh yeah they can also communicate via video messages across light years of space..(Thank you Nolan for solving the biggest problem we have:Ultimate Speed of Light) *Spoilers ahead* I wont go into all the inconsistencies like going through a black hole (and surviving intact !) ending up back on Earth years before (!) he left, in his daughter's room behind a library where he can push and arrange the books but can't talk to her. Apparently he is in another dimension built by some super advanced civilization (who are actually us !). The only way to communicate with her is through time by moving the dials of a watch and gives her the solution to Theory of Everything, reconciling Quantum Theory with General Relativity ! So the daughter yells Eureka and all the problems of humanity are solved.

And, somehow he comes back to Earth crashing his craft and wakes up in the future, on a space station where all the people of Earth live now. But since the people of the Earth has aged more than him according to Einstein's Relativity, his daughter is now in death bed and tells him to go rescue Brand (Anne Hathaway) who is now in another galaxy waiting patiently...

I still don't get why people give 10 stars to this movie. 2001:A Space Odyssey made in the 60's was light years beyond this movie in scenario and scientific and technological accurateness. A couple years ago, there was a major motion picture called "Cloud Atlas." Never heard of it? That's because it bombed. It was a three-hour marathon of six non-intertwining stories, one of which held my interest. The least interesting depicted a futuristic world of cannibalism and idol-worship on the big island of Hawaii. I wrote at the time that Tom Hanks and Halle Berry are so bad in this story they seem like amateurs. The dialogue is stilted and ridiculous. I couldn't believe Warner Brothers had actually green-lighted this project.

Now I've seen something similar. Christopher Nolan's "Interstellar" is a three-hour convoluted mess of science fiction, with a potentially interesting story buried somewhere deep inside the dialogue. To wit, in the future, the world is approaching the end of its habitability. I don't know why. It has something to do with crop blight, but if the explanation was in the script, I must have missed it. NASA has developed a secret plan to explore other potentially viable planets. Impossible, you say? Ah, but there is a "wormhole" near Saturn, which allows astronauts to explore five promising alternatives for the salvation of humanity. (A wormhole is a theoretical means of quickly traveling through space and time, based on Einstein's theory of relativity. Think of it like Han Solo traveling at warp speed, only it's supposed to sound more plausible.) I'm not sure anyone ever explained why all five planets were able to appear in the same place at the same time, when in reality, they must have been light-years apart from one another.

The always-reliable Matthew McConaughey plays NASA pilot Cooper, and Anne Hathaway is Amelia, a scientist also aboard the rocket ship. In the best decision writers Jonathan and Christopher Nolan made, no romance is ever suggested between the two leads. I only wish they had done a better job of explaining what "Interstellar" is all about.

After landing on one of the planets, Cooper and Amelia meet up with another scientist, Dr. Mann, played by Matt Damon, who was stranded on a previous mission. In the strangest plot twist, Dr. Mann tries to kill Cooper for some unexplained reason. Up until this point, I believed I could suspend my disbelief enough to recommend "Interstellar." But why wouldn't two NASA employs be able to work together? Is it because Nolan wanted Dr. Mann's shuttle to explode while attempting to dock with the rocket? Could be. Unlike last year's excellent "Gravity," "Interstellar" is a loud, busy picture, overstuffed with special effects, unnecessary music, and screaming characters.

Eventually, Cooper and Amelia venture into a black hole (yes, on purpose; don't ask why) where time appears spatially, allowing Cooper to visit his daughter in her childhood and warn her to lead humanity to explore other worlds. Ironically, we see this warning at the beginning of the film, before the voyage even begins. It doesn't make sense then, but for my money, it never makes sense at the end of the picture either. Somehow, Cooper doesn't age, yet his young daughter appears as an old woman at the end. Again, it has something to do with Einstein's Theory of Relativity – and therein lay the problem: Nobody understands the Theory of Relativity! All the longwinded scientific explanation of the cast (which eats up most of the dialogue) sounds like a bunch of existential mubmo-jumbo from the original "Star Trek" series. It's impossible to follow, due to its complexity, yet it's impossible to suspend disbelief, because the plot is so outlandish.

Coming on the heels of Alfonso Cuaron's far superior "Gravity" last year, "Interstellar" pales in comparison. Much as Stanley Kubrick did in "2001: A Space Odyssey," Cuaron managed to nail the silence of outer space. "Gravity" was a quiet, reserved film, which highlighted the loneliness of space travel. "Interstellar" is blaring and assiduous – like a semi-serious "Star Wars" crossed with the garbage science of "Star Trek." "Interstellar" is an old-fashioned Saturday matinée, revved up past power ten with top-notch actors, IMAX special effects, and a music score that just won't stop. "Interstellar" is so big and expensive, it was financed by both Paramount and Warner Brothers. It's movie-making on a grand scale. And at that level, it fails. It might have worked, had it simply been stripped down a notch or two.

And it's probably just me, but I have a problem with the name. Why would anyone choose an adjective as the name of a movie? Interstellar what? Where's the evasive noun? Probably sitting on the cutting-room floor with Einstein's Theory of Relativity. The good reviews of Interstellar on IMDb are proof to me that movie studios pay people to post positive reviews of movies. The current IMDb rating is 9.1......no way in hell is that an accurate rating.

This movie is awful...period.

How could any professional actor read the script for this movie and not be able to tell that it will be a terrible movie?

I really would like to say something positive about the film since it has many of my favorite actors in it. The actor list reads like a "who's who" of movie stars. But I cannot think of one single positive thing to say about it.

Trust me, don't waste 3-hours of your life on this film. You will regret it, just like I do. Christopher Nolan once again gives more than enough evidence that he is the most overrated director in modern Hollywood. How is it possible to have such a premise (interstellar voyage to save human race) and make such a boring movie? It beats me, but what puzzles me even more is how it is possible to make a movie with almost no character at all. What is this movie about? It's not about an interstellar voyage, that's for sure. It ain't about discoveries, either. (imagine a group of explorers who are some of the first people to land on another planet and they are excited as my 90+ year-old grandmother is when she cooks dinner) It ain't about aliens either. It ain't about saving humanity either, there is hardly any people shown except for one village somewhere in USA. Can you really tell a story that big by wrapping it around just a few people? In theory you can and it could actually work if it made any sense. But to end the movie they it was done here, by placing a portal inside a black hole which is designed to connect only two specific people, two specific people who have accidentally found NASA's basement top-secret James Bond project - it is beyond me. Once Cooper started texting his daughter in Morse code through this portal I felt embarrassed. I felt embarrassed for Nolan brothers. That's it? That was the grand idea which connects the loose ends and saves humanity? I wish Matt Damon had killed them all, it would have been more interesting and much more plausible than this mess. His anger actually makes sense, who wouldn't be frustrated with a plot like this?

I believe a big portion of estimated 165 million dollar budget went into paid reviews here on IMDb. The movie did not need to be almost three hours long...this was a great example of why it is a bad choice to let a director have the last say over edits, cuts, and length of a film. So many scenes could have been cut.

The only interesting part of the film was when the characters finally made it to different planets. However, all the science leading up to the adventure of going to different galaxies seemed to be a lot of mumbo-jumbo...lots of theories and big words to confuse the audience so that we think it could be possible.

The last thirty minutes almost was incomprehensible...the explanations of what happened in the earlier part of the film didn't make sense...but because it was explained with a serious voice talking and serious music behind it, people who don't understand quantum physics (which are most of us) will think it does.

Plese Hollywood, reign in Christopher Nolen a bit. It's a pretty good movie. You'll be immersed in the visuals, the graphics, some mystery, and a review on quantum physics in space, and you will enjoy the mysteries contained in it. However, the acting and casting are almost embarrassing at times and poor. The narrative and script suffers greatly from a lack of focus and pointless plot tricks. There's a sequence toward the end that while engaging, is some of the most over the top dramatic, just-for-effects senseless filmmaking you will ever see. It worked in Inception, but not in Interstellar. Overall, it is a "pretty good" film, but it falls short in so many categories. The visuals are worth the ride, and the best part is the presentation of the new planets. If only they would have spent more time on the water planet (that was the best part of the movie), but then if they did, every hour was worth 7 years on earth, so the story had to go elsewhere. The other graphics were good too. But there are some senseless plot turns that will frustrate you and it will lose points immediately from its' current 8.7 rating. For example, was Matt Damon's space crazy Dr. Mann even necessary? The answer when you think about it is no. It had no point in the overall story except to add more drama and intensity to an audience who already had plenty to begin with. What a waste of top level talent. My girlfriend and I decided to watch this movie at home as we missed it when it was doing the rounds in our local cinema. How glad we were, for at least it meant we were able to sip on our wine and chat in between - which we would have not been able to do had we watched in the cinema. And we did a LOT of chatting, mostly about the direness of the film itself. I can't believe so many reviewers thought this film to be amazing (but then we're all entitled to our opinions - and we all know how opinions differ to the extremes at times). However, I honestly couldn't connect with ANY of the characters in this film - particularly the leads. I really have no words...just found the whole film totally ridiculous - and don't even get me started on Hans Zimmer's background music!!! We needed subtitles for some scenes as the music was so overpowering we couldn't hear a word that was being said. I was even so bored at one point that I started to imitate Matthew McConaughey's irritating 'whistle' as he speaks. Enough said methinks. Let me bring you this in overview.

PRO: - Stunning visually, through and through - Good acting by the entire cast - Interesting concept - A strong second half - A somewhat satisfying ending - A few interesting twists - The main musical theme is amazing.

CON: - It took too long for anything truly interesting to happen. It had a few good moments, but in general the whole first half of the movie was... a tiny bit boring. If it hadn't been a Nolan movie, I would probably have left in the break. I'm glad I didn't. But the first half makes me not want to see this movie again. - There are really too many plot holes. Or moments that are not well-explained enough for them to be plausible. Things like characters experiencing revelations based on... well, pretty much nothing. Especially near the end. Which doesn't take away from the awesomeness of the second half. But one has to overlook these things to enjoy the story. - Besides the main theme, most of the score seem misplaced. Too loud. Too bombastic. Or not adding to the emotions on screen. And I'm speaking as a huge Hans Zimmer fan here.

All in all, I would recommend seeing it. Definitely. But with an expectation that it's not as special as we've come to expect from Nolan. First of all, why don't Matthew McConaughey use his vocal cord anymore. His talking sound comes from squeezing his throat together and it sounds like Clint Eastwood or Christian Bale, when Bale was acting in Batman. You know, sounding very tough, very super-masculine. It is really annoying. Second. This movie is made to look like a good movie, but it's not. It is a parody, a comic parody. And not such a good one.

Matthew is send out in outer space to save the world. In outer space he meets with Matt Damon, who joins the movie for some minutes, probably as a quality alibi. Damon wakes up from deep sleep, made better in Alien more than 36 years ago. After five minutes his gone, blown away into outer space, made better several times before in several movies. Matthew, after a while, and between some really bad dialogs, ends miraculously up in a strange dimension made of aliens or humans from the future, made better in The Abyss 26 years ago. From there his daughter, who is years and several dimensions away, she understands everything, because Matthew uses... morse. Yes, good oldfashion morse, you know, dot dot dot line line dot dot. The whole thing is actually pretty funny, if you like really bad comic. And everything is accompanied with classical drama music, like in The Godfather. BIG SCREEN MOVE :), off course, made better so many times before. In the end the producers have made a nice scene for those who have never seen a really good movie before. And voilà, we have 8,7 on IMDb. Spooky. I love dramatic movies. I love Sci-Fi movies. I love most of Christopher Nolan's work. I was so excited to see interstellar after all the 10/10 reviews but after seeing it, I was thoroughly disappointed.

My actual rating is probably 6/10, I rated 1/10 to balance the other ratings.

!!!SPOILERS AHEAD!!!

Here are my major problems with this movie: 1)Over dramatized effects throughout 2)Every character except for 3 of them was just a red-shirt with no characterization, just created to be killed off 3)The science aspect was stupid, especially in the second half 4)Did this highly developed 5D race have any way to save humans besides creating a room, that a guy would go to to tell himself to go there so that he could send binary through a watch to his daughter that is older than he is? 5)The ending was a thorough disappointment. Everything was happy dandy and the whole human race was saved just because of data from a black hole? They never explain why that data is even useful 6)Poorly designed and explained apocalypse. Earth didn't seem to be in much peril. 7)Okay, when Mann blew the airlock, couldn't the others just TELL him that it would blow up half the ship instead of saying "Don't do it, its not the right decision" 8)Really? The voice of corruption is called "Mann"? That was a stupid metaphor. 9)I don't think there was even enough water on Millers planet to make waves those big, seeing as it wasn't even knee deep. 10)Just wasn't what it was cracked up to be. The film was heavily lacking in character development and plot, the science aspect was unbelievable and stupid.

Parts that I liked (No, it didn't ALL suck): 1)TARZ was pretty cool. He was unique compared to all other robots from sci-fi movies I've seen. 2)The highly dramatized parts would have been good in moderation, and there were some good special effects 3)I didn't fall asleep which is good

I just can't believe so many people are raving over this movie. It's like they're too dumb to see past special effects and blaring music to see that the movie itself wasn't any good. People try to tell me the science in this movie could've made sense because it's not discovered yet. I think a planet with alien dinosaurs who speak English would have been more believable.

It's worth seeing so you can realize how wrong everyone is, but don't expect too much. Attention: there might be spoilers here, but otherwise it is just not possible to discuss the film, IMHO. So do not read further if you have not seen it yet. Actually it is the first Nolan film I see, and I am open-mouthed at the HUGE hype preceding it. The film does not fulfill the expectations in most ways. The worst is the insufferable dialogue, which forces good actors into ineptness, Matt Damon being a particularly sad example. The whole screenplay needed about twenty (thousand) revisions more. There are characters that are completely superfluous, so much that one gets killed without any repercussions in the plot at all. And they do not seem to have a use for the character Romilly, either, except getting older. The idea of the NASA chief being a villain is preposterous; why send people on a mission you know they are going to fail? And his own daughter? Since it is all secret, which gallery would he be playing to? (and mind you, Caine is one of the very very few convincing characters, the other ones being Ellen Burstyin and the robots). There are huge scientific errors too, in spite of Kip Thorne. To slow time so much in the water planet, the gravity would have to crush the astronauts in essentially the first instant. A solution would have been to have the planet (or the ship) move nearer the speed of light, but apparently nobody thought of that. Points are about as subtle as a kick in the stomach, and I fail to see why anybody would think the science is "dense" and the film is "complex". Special effects are good. of course, but not as much as the hype says. And, sorry, if you get near a black hole, you would be thinned out like spaghetti by the enormous gravity. It is just impossible not only to survive, but to get out. The "They" is just a "Deus ex machina" to save the main plot from its own inepcy, and since this is all supposed to be so scientific, their appearance in the plot is completely arbitrary and illogical. And what, pray, would be these "quantum data"? Since the quantic theory applies only in extremely small dimensions, why go look for it in space?. Somebody thought it sounded cute, I guess. There was no need to be realistic and scientific if we are getting out of the mire by miracle. The ending is maybe the best part, at times moving, but the notion that somebody who has been in hospital and will be let out only in "a couple of days" can rush to a rocket and take off, without space suit, raining, or assistance, as if it was a bicycle, seems ridiculous. My first and last Nolan film, I suspect. I waited overnight to comment I needed to digest it. It was so freaking long I just had to go to sleep to regain my sanity.

1st Q: Why was he so freaking orange? It's a dust bowl, no a tanning booth 2: Why was Matt Damon such a di*k 3. Was this sponsored by Monsanto? 4: So after spending what felt like an eternity together, are we to believe Anne Hathaway will just magically fall for this guy rushing to her side?

I'm shocked at what fell like blind reviews. If you feel like you need to watch it go ahead but keep your expectations in check. Maybe DVR it so you can rewind the mumbled conversations of overly complicated science chatter. But you will feel a sense of assurance when yet another "save the world movie" ends with humans creating an American point of view world for all to live in. Forget Europe. Forget Asia. They can eat our dust. It's a shame that people are rating this movie so high. I registered just to put some sense into IMDb. I actually don't believe in the ratings of this site anymore. Possible explanation for a high rating is that people are paid to rate the movie or most people think they are geniuses if they tell their friends that they love a sci-fi mind-blowing movie even though that movie actually doesn't make sense. I love Nolan but he dropped the ball on this one. This has potential but he created a mess out of it. A lot of scientific inconsistencies, useless characters, messy plots. One of the most overrated films ever. Let's bring back some credibility in this site I am really amazed at the good reviews this is getting on here, as I found it a huge disappointment. Absolutely nothing about it makes any sense; in fact no single moment in the film follows logically from anything that was happening 15 minutes earlier. The "science" is ridiculous: a six-inch deep ocean with 200-foot waves is one of the more believable elements. The motivation of the characters changes from minute to minute, and they seem bound and determined to make the worst choice whenever faced with a decision. The special effects are unimaginative; Kubrick did it all better, without CGI, 50 years ago. The bombastic music's only virtue is that it drowns out the ludicrous dialogue. And the final resolution of the central mystery is utterly nonsensical; involving manually transmitting what must be many, many gigabytes of data in Morse code via the second hand of an old wristwatch. WT*? Definitely NOT recommended. 3 hours of senseless drivel... That is what I sat through when I watched Interstellar. The acting wasn't anything special, but the SCREENPLAY... It had to be among the worst three that I have ever sat through. In fact, I was close to walking out of it, had it not been for the laughing! In a sci-fi film like this, the expected reaction was far from the real one. Instead of a gripping, edge-of-your-seat effect, the screenplay and plot holes were so ridiculously bad, that myself and a few other cinema-goers were in stitches laughing! Like Prometheus (but somehow worse), this film had the adverse effect of inducing laughter in anybody who wasn't blinded by the interplanetary special effects. In almost all sci-fi films, there is an enormous twist in the plot or story that will strive to inspire a gasp in viewers. Some rare films have this effect with an excellently crafted twist... Not this time. The 'twist' in this film was, again, so extraordinarily awful, badly thought-out and far-fetched (don't get me wrong- these films have the right to go more far-fetched than any film has travelled before, but this one was just plain BAD), I had to shout out 'come ON!' when the credits began to roll (inspiring a few more laughs there from viewers in agreement). Even here, at at the end, there were still unanswered questions that were TO BE SOLVED at some point in the course of the film. With its mediocre acting, awful plot, vexingly atrocious 'twist', underdeveloped characters (entrusting a save-the-human-race mission to a semi-random trespasser - hellooo???) and boring disposition throughout, save your money and head to something - anything - else! I won't give it a 1 to even things up a little, I give it a 6 which is real. Maybe 6.5 but 7 would be a stretch. I'm disappointed with a film that I waited for so long, with a great title that was waisted. Interstellar should have been a masterpiece, with, well, a lot of Interstellar traveling. The duration is just to long, especially the first part, which brings nothing extra to the story. It's just to stretched out trying to bring I don't know what. A feel of 2001 maybe, but 2001 is in another galaxy for this one. I didn't like Inception either, so maybe it has got to be something with Nolan. I'm a sci-fi fan, but today everyone's trying to make sci-fi, but they don't succeed. They are doing it wrong! District 9 was the last good sci-fi I watched. Interstellar has got great visuals, I give it that, but Gravity had more (another film that sucked big time). I wouldn't watch it again. There is no way on earth that these positive reviews are real. This was, hands down, the worst movie experience of my life. It made Shark Boy and Lava Girl seem like a masterpiece. (Both of these movies were seen at the urging of the same son---albeit almost a decade apart). I cannot believe I ruined date night with my wife over this 3 hour hell-fest. I alternated between scratching my head, holding back laughing, wanting to yell out jokes about Lincoln commercials and not being able to hold back laughing. Based on the looks from everyone else as they were leaving the theater, we all shared the same sentiments. Go ahead, blow $10 on this miserable, ridiculous, implausible pile of poopy that would make M Night Shamalyan scream out "you have got to be friggin' kidding me" at the movies attempts at plot twists. Originality: This movie was completely original, in the exact same way that the Hunger Games was, that is, not at all. The Hunger Games is to Battle Royale as Interstellar is to 2001: A Space Odyssey, that is, a complete rip off. Many reviews are saying how original it is, I expect these people haven't seen 2001.

Score: A few people have drawn parallels with Contact, saying that the movie reminds them of Contact. Perhaps it is the pulsating metallic base throbbing noise that Interstellar ripped off?

Millennium Falcon: When our heroes first take off from Earth they do so in a Saturn V type moon rocket, with the exhausted stages falling away behind them. Yet, when they later take off from the extra-solar planets, one with 130% gravity no less, they do so in the conventional Millennium Falcon kind of sci-fi way. It huts my eyes!

Southern Drawl: Our hero seemed to of had a stroke for the first half of the movie and had slurry half-awake speech, yet later seemed to recover. Perhaps that's what time-dilation does for you!

The Robot: Seriously? I think it was so big and square because it contained two CRT-monitors. If you asked a 10yr old to draw a robot design that would be useful on a space mission, then it would undoubtedly improve on the one in Interstellar. But my biggest gripe was, how did it walk? We have two legs(!), our trailing leg doesn't catch on the floor as it swings forwards as our foot extends, lifting us slightly. The robot in Interstellar walks like a pair of chopsticks (but without the accompanying side to side wobble that would be necessary if you chose such an impractical design).

Newton's 3rd Law: Stated correctly, applied incorrectly. If our heroes' spaceship had been launched backwards like a bullet from a gun, then it would have been a cool quip, instead it made him look like an idiot corn farmer.

The Best of the Best: Why! Why is Hollywood obsessed with the hero being the best of the best of the best? Couldn't he just have been one of the remaining pilots of average competence? (with a genius daughter and an idiot son).

Frozen Yoghurt: At one point the Millennium Falcon Space Shuttle hits a cloud made of frozen yogurt (or was it ice?), so, a cloud hanging in the air made of strawberry yogurt, sounds a bit silly. Presumably, as with Arthur Dent's cup, it was held up by art?

Emotional: But not a black hole. Possibly the best element of the movie. The human element, and the pain of loss and separation was, strangely, conveyed extremely well.

A real Black Hole: Well, I wish I had one so I could get the 3 hours back that I lost watching this. It's not all bad, some bits are compelling, but mostly it's a boring re-skin of 2001. I did read many reviews here before seen the film and from them and the average stars I thought it was going to be really good, but it was not.

Though the story of the film is quite good and acting too, and plus I like those kind of movies, it just was kinda boring most of the time for me. I couldn't even watch it as a whole but I had to pause it because I was bored and then continued only because I do not like to do anything in half.

Surely, it is better than Gravity in my opinion which is totally totally boring, since they are kinda similar.

I was hesitant between 5 and 6, but 5 is more accurate for me. It is neither good neither bad - just boring. Great movies make you think. "Think" as in truly ponder over issues -love, hate, science, whatever- and coming up with your own findings. Usually this kind of movie is subdued, restrained, small in scale -gives you the space you need to think. They present us with a conundrum and let us solve it -if it can be solved at all.

This movie is the exact opposite of that. Nolan movies are not known for subtlety and restraint -and this one might be the loudest, biggest, and I'm afraid dumbest of them all. The movie grabs you by the throat and slap you in the face a million times, yelling "we have serious problems here and this is the solution, and if there is a later twist I'll just give you a louder new solution, but don't you dare objecting to what you're given". Even the supposedly intimate scenes feel like instructions: when we see Dr. Cooper crying over his daughter's cruel recorded message, we almost see a cue card in the background "... and now, dear audience... cry!".

To worry about the future of mankind is absolutely valid. To make room for human emotions in scientific problems is even more valid. But to spend three hours of dazzling visual effects and loud background music to tell us what we should think about all that is cheap and worthless. This movie is incorrectly classified as science fiction. It is actually anti-science fiction and, by the way, in all other matters a serious insult to any person's intelligence.

The problem with directors these days, even supposedly talented ones like Nolan, is that they try to appeal to everyone and end up appealing to no body. Big money talks louder I guess. Damn you Hollywood.

But what pisses me off about this movie is its anti-scientific and anti-technological approach. The subliminal message, that perhaps makes most Nolan fan-boys mentally masturbate about, is that you should not care about rationality, you have to use the power of LOVE and screw logic thinking. OK, so why the pseudo-science mambo-jumbo? If you want to do a Terence Malick trick, don't mess around with science.

Being a physicist myself I am of course more sensitive to science fiction plot (worm/black) holes - especially these kind that completely suck any credibility out of it. But even if you are not scientifically literate, and this movie surely is not meant to appeal only to scientists, you should feel insulted. I won't go into any details, just because the "pencil through a paper of sheet" wormhole explanation or the "oyster and pearl" analogy really raised the bar way to low for me to care about it anymore. Sending "quantum data" to solve an "equation"... WTF? Just throw in the "quantum" word and that's it. Sorry to tell you, but "quantum data" means nothing. There is no such thing. No quantum physicist uses that expression for anything meaningful, especially in the lack of any recognizable context. Surviving through a black-hole trip (cough cough); talking to your Minecraft-designed robot (seriously??) while you're in the "3 dimensional box, inside a 5 dimensional universe..." WTF? It's just stupid, childish and downright ridiculous. Pseudo-science rubbish, which pisses off scientists and sends a completely wrong message to everyone else about what science is all about. Science is about rational thought, passion also of course, but mostly about consistent and carefully constructed logical thinking. This movie is the antithesis of any logical thinking. Just because, you know, love. I enjoy a good, deep, emotional story but the crappy pseudo-science completely spoils it.

Kids, this is not science fiction. I am deeply disappointed. Thanks for that Mr Nolan!! Comparing this movie to 2001 Space Odyssey is outrageous, both Mr Kubrick and Mr Arthur C Clarke would be deeply embarrassed to find out that their legacy would be turned into this.

Save your money and wait for a BR rip, if you really like being intellectually insulted. MR Nolan didn't do anything to deserve getting your money in his bank account. I'm just gonna say that I'm very disappointed. Went to cinema with high expectations after seeing 9.2 score here on IMDb and I after reading some of the reviews here as well.

The realistic score would be somewhere around 7.0 and I am giving it 1 star just to bring current rating down as much as possible since the movie is highly overrated! Producers probably hired excellent PR team and those guys are doing a hell of a job to promote this movie! I'm big Sci-Fi genre fan but this movie has so many plot holes, underdeveloped characters, it's too long and for moments even boring. Visual effects? Poor comparing to Gravity or even Prometheus.

Should you see this movie? If you are a big SCI-FI fun, I'd say yes, but set your expectations low and perhaps you find it worth seeing. I can't believe anyone found this movie even mildly entertaining let alone brilliant. even more preposterous are the comparisons to 2001???? Like all of Nolan's other movies, Interstell

I'm not going to write synopsis or give details but simply share my opinion.

There was nothing even remotely 'good' about this film. It attempted to blend ideas and plots from past Sci-Fi films, but in the end turned out to be a disconnected and poorly developed mess. Everything from the crap science to the uninteresting characters,cheesy and awkward dialog, to the story, or lack thereof made this film unwatchable. The characters did not come off like scientists; they didn't even come off like people in such dire situations would. Such as making jokes about being an asshole when confronted by a massive black hole. Anne Hathaway's character was particularly inferior. I seriously wanted someone to strangle her.

Of course this could have been excused if the movie didn't take itself so serious or had some redeeming qualities/aspects. However, the film tries so hard to be profound, but it ends up being awkward.

the end I thought this movie would be great; the plot sounded fun and intriguing, but this movie falls far short of being fleshed out. Most of the movie was slow, with a lot of quiet dialogue on very complex concepts. It was also unclear how some characters fit in ... the female astronaut is in love with who back home? Have we been introduced to this guy? Do we care? Huge jumps in storyline were glossed over: daughter Murph invented the orbiting earthlike station which saved humanity? What? And the 2001: A Space Odyssey bent near the end is overwhelmingly derivative. Overall, it seems like there must be way too much of this screenplay that fell by the wayside somewhere. I really don't understand what everyone's great fascination is with this movie. There are a couple of good scenes, that are funny and have the right emotional level. There are some twists, that are way too predictable or too easily brushed off. While I used to like McConahey's acting, I think he has been way too over the top with his role in this one. I liked Anne Hathaway in a few of the scenes, as well as the daughter though. Character development is basically non-existent and I was pretty bored multiple times during the movie which left me disconnected to the characters and not caring about the end of the story. I really just hoped it would end at some point.

While the science behind it is truly fascinating, the movie is neither outstanding nor is the story. It has potential but is just so underdeveloped. AM I THE ONLY ONE ON PLANET EARTH WHO THINKS THAT THIS FILM IS ABSOLUTE TOSH? Perhaps I'm being unkind because I could only handle an hour before walking out. I thought the acting in particular was very poor. The storyline is twaddle - a farmer with flight experience finds NASA in an unspecified location with a rocket that is going to save Earth - a typecast Michael Caine (thank goodness it wasn't Morgan Freeman) opens the boardroom door and there is the rocket!. It seemed to me that used actual rocket launch footage? The time element is misused and the special effects are not that great. I thought Elysium knocked socks off this film. I did semi enjoy the water sequence but it was at the point where they get back to the mother ship that I walked ................ very quickly out of the cinema. Ps I love Matthew McConaughey in true detective and I can't believe I was looking at the same actor Note - the last two lines sum it all up if you want to skip my blathering. Interstellar is nothing more than a sci-fi drama. If you crave sci-fi movies as I do, this film will leave you feeling unfulfilled and usurped. It is about nothing more than "the human element" set against a semi sci-fi backdrop that is obscenely absurd. Happy ending? Not really, and what makes it worse is that's predictable early on. Should you bother to watch this film? Yes, I watch them all, probably because curiosity gets the best of me, and who knows, you might like it. I have been disappointed, read enraged, by other films much more than this one, but it failed to impress me. Maybe if I had sat down to this one expecting to be disappointed it might have been better, but to be quite honest, the trailers make it out to be something totally different than what you get. Sad thing is, too much film marketing goes this same way these days. I rely on IMDb when it comes to decide what to watch and what not to watch. Rating of 9.2 looks so attractive that I didn't even bother to check the trailer. I went to watch the movie with very high expectations but was very disappointed. As I was watching it I was thinking maybe know it will start to make sense but it didn't even by the last scene. It was a total bollywood drama where hero doesn't die no matter where he is. The most funny part was when he press the eject button in space. It does has some big star cast but the base story line crumbles beyond imagination. It was like monkeys had written the script as they has shown in south park. Awful movie, total waste of time and money. Please go if you hate yourself or your life which is one and the same thing. That's right. What an horrible movie. Don't know what's worse, the pathethic acting from almost everyone (Damon won the price tho for insignificant character) or the robots with graphics similar to "Cop" from 1988.

HOW can so much people enjoyed this? The first two hours is a total sleepfest, until the twist at the end where at least something happen that's interesting and not pointless. I've actually tried to watch this twice, once in the cinema (I walked out, something I've never done before in a film) and once at home on video. Both times I failed to complete the mission.

Please don't compare this stinking mess with Kubrick's epic "2001 - A Space Odyssey", it is not in the same league or even in the same universe!

With horrible acting and mumbling by Mr. McConaughey, incomprehensible jargon and pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo overlaid with Zimmer's monstrously horrendous score I will not try watching it a third time. This seemed like a complex, no basic entertainment-sort of a film-kind of experience. Should have been great as far as the concept goes. What I didn't like right away is the overall idea: IF there is a problem, then WALK AWAY. Meaning, the problem is never solved.

Also. Complex concepts are displayed in a matter of a few fragmented shots. Even those who are used to the Sci-Fi genre are confused. But the rest are lost. What's nice are the certain technicalities. But the human, physical side is difficult, unexplained, overly politically correct and accompanied by other things that don't get a viewer anywhere near the point of all this.

So, this could've been a real nice piece of a more intellectual sci-fi, but the makers of this movie got confused about how to depict such concepts. Before seeing it, I heard how apparently realistic this movie was in being true to the science. Yet it was anything but. The whole plot nonsensical. Not the worst movie I've seen (would rate it 5.0 if it wasn't for the incredibly high rating). I know I'm nitpicking here but: A saturn rocket type take off, yet they are able to get off another planet with similar gravity with a tiny shuttle which already used part of its fuel for landing. The spaceship rotated to create gravity however that would not mean there is any in the middle section where most of the scenes are. Not even gonna bother going into the worhmhole/bookase/mores code thing. Interesting concept but rather weak story. This is a movie with plenty of things going for it. Great performances, incredible visual effects, an interesting story, and tons of really cool concepts, which make for a few genuinely powerful scenes, However, that doesn't make it the flawless masterpiece of cinematic genius everybody is labeling it as. There are tons of people giving this movie 10/10 ratings, leading to a user rating of 8.7, and it is now #29 on the IMDb top 250. WOW! That is a lot of praise! On the top 250, "Interstellar" is above "Casablanca", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Psycho", "Apocalypse Now", and "CITIZEN KANE"! According to the users on IMDb, this movie's better than "Citizen Kane", which has been known as possibly the greatest film of all time!

Is is better than "Citizen Kane"? No, not even close. The film is full of flaws, the biggest being the runtime. I may never see this movie again because of how long it felt! It feels like a lot of scenes are unneeded, and were made just so the movie could be longer, because Christopher Nolan wanted to make it seem really epic. I'm sure if Nolan cut a huge chunk of the movie out, it would've been better. A film by Nolan that is better than this one is "The Dark Knight", which has a somewhat long runtime, but it feels way shorter than it's runtime, and is extremely entertaining throughout. "Interstellar" is so long that it starts to really drag on and, at times, I began to just zone out.

The film is also a bit too dramatic. The dialogue about how "love conquers all" seemed very unnecessarily corny, as well as a few other select scenes in the movie. However, some sequences were quite powerful, especially the ending, which, actually, was kind of creepy. The concept of time was very prominent throughout the film, and it lead to some pretty creative and powerful sequences.

Overall, the film is recommended, but you should be warned that this movie was LOOOOOOOONG!!!!!! An Interstellar Scale Mess
tijane-637-405397 April 2015
Warning: Spoilers
I'll start by saying this is not the worst film I have ever seen. It is the worst film I have ever seen given the resources and talents applied.

I am astonished at the rave reviews being lavished on a film that is neither remarkable visually nor original from a plot and story telling point of view.

In summary "Interstellar" is a poor remake of "The Grapes of Wrath" spliced onto an even worse remake of "2001 A Space Odyssey" rounded off with an ending that would've helped "Knowing" be a better film...if only it was an ending for that film...not this one. Though to be fair, on further contemplation the beginning has more in common with "Field of Dreams", what with the baseball and weird farmer character and all.

Seriously, imagine a version of "2001" where HAL is crossed with JaJa Binks....yep...I kid you not. To add to the mess we are also provided with a James Bond like evil genius complete with his own secret base....only he's not meant to be evil...he just turns out that way.

This strange concoction desperately tries to present itself as something original...but scene by scene we are continually presented with the badly rehashed ideas of others....combined with kind of "science" that makes "Star Wars" look like an academic treatise on the physics of space travel. Come to think of it "Interstellar" even tries for a few Jedi mind tricks here and there.

But don't despair because the film is only 14 hours long and when you do get to the end your spirits will be lifted by the thought that humanities future will be gestated by Anne Hathaway...thereby guaranteeing an endless supply of annoying actresses...that can't act.

As this review started....it's not the worst film ever made...but it rates as the biggest wasted opportunity in film history. Of the modern sci-fi films "Oblivion" is well ahead of this in virtually every respect....even with Tom Cruise in it! I expected the world out of it, but in the end, it turned out to be utter nonsense.

I am not an expert on black holes but I do believe the theory most physicists and astrophysicists propound. that, if you enter a black hole, you will die. or near the event horizon, you will be stretched or mutilated or ultra compressed. etc.etc. and those theories are based on the millions of observations of star stuff being destroyed at the mouth of black holes.

but in the film, not only does the person survive, he goes into some dimension, where he is instructing his daughter from behind his books to tell him to not go. blah blah blah.

that dimension being built by some advanced race.. blah bla.

my only question is, why .. it sounds so BS. there is no point to build some advanced dimension. warning humans from the past to correct the future... the fact that the intelligent race exists must mean that everything went fine or was controlled in the past.

the whole ending makes no SENSE AT all.

people who are giving this film all 9 and 10-star reviews are just hypnotized to the extent that they have started believing that Nolan cant make bad films and their brains just reject the idea.

I am a huge Nolan fan but did not see this coming from the master... :(

p.s. film is at least 6 for me but the 1 is to balance the fake overall rating. Wow! This movie was so horrible that I needed to add a review, but adding a review required an account, so I did that too just to share my opinion about this Alice Goes To Wonder Universe crap. I've enjoyed almost all of Nolan's movies especially Batman series, but I have to say that with this film, he is off my list, period. So the story goes like the typical Hollywood bs, some random farmer/hacker/drone expert/pilot/father/emotionally balanced/wise guy just discovers some weird gravitational anomaly that leads him to some really hidden NASA headquarters where they plan a save the world mission but they did not have a pilot, but they are in luck because of Mud, who happens to be a pilot and so they set to save the world in a 20th century rocket combined with a very high-tech space ship that will blow you away but not them cause they are in cryo-sleep. Next mission objective is to fly trough a warm hole which you know in theory that it is created only when the space-time is bended due to enormous gravity, but they are bullet-proof so they have no problem passing trough it with their gravity proof suits. Can you imagine that? I can't. So they pass miraculously trough it and are plain bored, they have seen the show already, its like watching a game of football on a boring Sunday. So they arrive at this planet which has water on it but due to the gravity swings a tsunami just appears and they have to save their lives, where are the bullet-gravity-proof suits when you need them? So the rest boils down to the same fairy tale that's been going on from the start of the film, well they could just put Santa in the movie and still be credible. So, enough is enough, I will not waste any more time on this review as you should not waste yours on watching it. A walk in the park or a good book suggested by the other real reviews in here will make your day far more better. So, sadly, turn out that Idiocracy is not far away. 8.7 to this peace of crap? I hope is just a technical problem because if it is the other way around then no comment. Nolan is shooting, photographically, some of the best shots in his career. It looks beautiful, not only the sequences in space but also the scenes back on Earth. In terms of sound and vision, it is gorgeous to look in. However once one goes deeper, things begin to slide. Performance is lacklustre, characters do not seem fully developed nor did I have time to invest interest in them. The narrative is exposition-heavy and will most likely lose you in regards to interest and logic after the forty minute mark. This is a deeply unsatisfying film, boring, nonsensical, and wannabe-pretentious (despite Nolan's fan-base being some of the more lowbrow members of the fan community.) I'd heard fairly mixed things about this film, and often heard praise for elements that I think one shouldn't lead with, so I did put off seeing it until very recently. The reason for this mixed reaction I guess if that it is a very mixed bag of a film, and I can see why people love it, hate it, and a bit of both. The plot sees a series of unexplained events bringing a farmer and former pilot into a group looking to save humanity from the earth, which is currently killing itself and threatening to take mankind with it. Looking to the stars, in particular a black hole which seems to have been placed nearby to allow for travel to much more distant worlds, he learns of previous missions to scout out other planets on the other side, and that he is needed to lead a mission to follow up the promising leads, leaving his family behind potentially forever.

To get it out of the way, there is a lot not to like about the film. It runs very long, and at some points this almost seems deliberate – like it has to be a certain length to be able to be called an epic. It also has variable pacing and plotting across this time, with some elements not making logical sense without even having to nitpick on technical details. However, while it doesn't all come together, the film is no less beautiful for what it does while it is trying to do it all. The visual effects are stunning, with believable space travel and worlds created, to the point that although a lot of it is technobabble, you do tend to go along with it and accept everything being laid out. Just as important as the technical, visionary stuff, is that the film has a very human heart throughout. It is surprisingly emotional, even when in the context of pure sci-fi elements; you do tend to buy characters as people, with their flaws, their pain, their motivations – it is surprising how strong the film is in this regard.

Part of this working is that the performances are universally strong, although to just pick one – Mathew McConaughey is really great throughout. His down-to-earth elements bring the viewer into the film, while he completely nails the emotional content, which again helps convince us of the reality of the situation and passage of time – because we see how it hits his character, so it must be real. The director marshals all this in a feast for the eyes, heart, and brain – it doesn't all work, like I say, and it is far from being the perfect, flawless film that some would suggest, but it is engaging, thoughtful, heartfelt, and very well made. From the moment this movie started it fell flat. The characterization development was not there. The plot was barely there and all over the place throughout the story. I wanted to sleep after 30 to 45 minutes because the acting was horrible and from even our seasoned favorite actors. WTH was going on within this almost THREE hours of screen time. I think a hit of acid may have helped to enjoy this movie as well as to diffuse the loud overbearing noise called music in it. Then I begin thinking to myself, "hey, maybe they dropped some LSD or constantly hitting some bowls between takes while filming because it felt like I was in a serious haze of drugs due to everything so da*n flat. (this is suppose to be humor because I do not do drugs, but I was thinking I may need something to get through this one because it was painful really really painful) Poor execution in directing as well as thoughtfulness within the story trying to be told sorta like constipation. To this day , many people still talk a lot about Christopher Nolan's "Batman"-trilogy, but here is his newest work: "Interstellar". He gets help from Michael Caine and Anne Hathaway again and a couple more familiar faces. One year after Cuarón with Gravity, he discovers the endless widths of space as well. The difference, however is that a large part of his movie, including the first 40 minutes or so completely, plays down on Planet Earth. However, it is also about survival in space, including two people instead of one though. Or you could probably say the whole human race and not one individual fate.

This is like our generation's "Armageddon", only that it is much better and much more edge-of-the-seat. The lead character is played by Matthew McConaughey, whose career is still on a massive high after numerous critically lauded performances and an Academy Award win. "Interstellar" is much more than Sci-Fi though. I personally found the film was at its best when it touched more the emotional relationships of the characters. The water planet sequence was incredibly well done. And right afterward, when Cooper (McConaughey) sees how his beloved family has aged and become parents, it is truly moving as well. I had a lump in my throat just like I did when he meets his very old daughter at the end of the movie. The inclusions with the old people telling about the past seem a bit odd at first, but make sense towards the end as we find out who is speaking there really.

Then, I also had a love-hate relationship with the Matt Damon parts. I found it pretty boring to be honest initially, but when we found out about his true intentions, it quickly turns into one of the best parts of the film. Nicely done. When Caine's character mentioned him with high praise early on, I felt there could be something fishy (like with Pixar's Up) there and yes it was. The ending of the movie with Hathaway's character completely alone out there made me think maybe there will be a sequel. Saving Private... ehh I mean Dr. Brand. Who knows? The time during which the whole film plays is also interesting. Somehow, the NASA lost a lot of their reputation and the moon landing is called fake in American school books. It is some point in the future. That much we know. David Oyelowo plays a small role here as one of the teachers. He has "Selma" in the race for an Academy Award nomination this year.

The ending of the film was not among the best scenes in my opinion, but I still liked it. The whole ghost explanation about Cooper being actually the one giving the signs was pretty exciting. The effects are brilliant of course, but that does not really need be mentioned for Nolan movies. A given. Hans Zimmer did a good soundtrack and there is also some comic relief coming from McConaughey's charm (if you like that) and some droll robot creatures. Anyway, I found the film interesting enough that I found it a bit sad they did not get to visit the third planet (with Hathaway's character's lover), only the water planet and the ice planet. I'd have loved to see that. However, maybe that could be a nice inclusion for a sequel as well. The movie never dragged despite coming pretty close to the three-hour mark. It could have run for another hour and I probably would not have been bored. There really was hardly anything wrong with it. Affleck's character did not do too much for me. He wasn't particularly well-acted and the character felt just included as a simple man who quickly gave up on his dad in order to show the contrast compared to Chastain's character: the ambitious loving smart daughter with a true connection to Cooper. John Lithgow plays a small role too and is fun to watch as always.

This is one of the movies I really recommend to watch, preferably on the big screen due to its sensational visual aspects. It's also good for a rewatch I believe, also to evaluate the characters' actions, especially Caine's for example. And the story of course. I believe, after one viewing, I am still far away from having understood everything that was going on, especially the scientific aspects. That however, does not hurt the viewing experience at all thanks to the film's great acting and emotional impact. If you are interested in space, you really have to see this too. It has distant planets, wormholes, black holes, spaceships and a lot more. Let me finish this review with two little snippets: First, the actress who played Murph as a child was the same that played Renesmee in the last two Twilight movies and, secondly, that fittingly Hathaway's character was called Amelia like the aviation pioneer Amelia Earhart. That can't be coincidence, can it? Especially with her last shot. Unfortunately the film didn't reach the high expectations I had for it! I love sci-fi movies but Interstellar left me flat and disappointed.

First the opening hour of the film was boring and ordinary and the 'Earth's problem' with the sand storms was somehow underplayed and unmoving. I thought that maybe when they go in space things could get better... well, they did for a while but then the crew landed on the Ice covered planet and things got pretty sour.

The idea of Cooper getting into the dimensional space and wrapping the story with the beginning was good but then again the end was OK and obviously left for a 2nd film.

The sound was not good at all - I could barely hear and understand what they were saying, so maybe 50% of the films sound was a high pitched music overpowering the scenes.

At the end I thought - this is a film for people who doesn't like sci- fi movies, don't believe in life in other planets and are narrow minded and believe only in conventional science. I suppose they got to watch something like that and like it...

I appreciate the effort of everybody involved in this creation but it's not for me. 8.8? I'm just not feeling it.

Total "snoregasm", I swear. It's VERY slow to start, then disappointing once it does get going. I'm one of those that has to finish nearly every movie and book I start, no matter how bad. It took me 3 days to finish watching because I could only stand about 40 boring ass minutes at a time. Quasi-science muddled with current theory and overstretched artistic license, and let's face it; McConaughey as "humanities last hope"? Yeah, we'd be screwed. He's not altogether that bad, but in reality the coolest thing about him is his Air-stream. The improbability levels in the "science" and the story make it difficult to get into it. I am sorry but found this movie to be highly over rated. It was high on visual effects but low on the content in terms of script, story and the future of the world basically.I am sure it will grab few awards in these categories.

There was a similar hype around Avatar but when I saw Avatar, it had something new to offer. Interstellar doesn't offer anything new as such.If you put the movie Gravity and the movie Frequency together in 5D, wormhole angle, you have Intersetllar.In fact I found Frequency to be highly underrated movie.

Acting/Direction is good but wished the script were much more stronger. I'm really sorry. I so much wanted to like this film. So much has gone into it and the concept is good, but it just didn't work for me.

I found this to be a compact and fanciful story stretched up to intergalactically implausible proportions. It didn't ring true, and it was full of Hollywood formulae, like clumsy cliffhangers. And why did we have to have a Western-style fight scene on an icy planet on the other side of a black hole? There were no punches thrown in 2001.

People will say it was too long but it wouldn't be any better if it was shorter. It is also an unremittingly dark and depressing film except for certain aspects. The brilliant special effects, loud sound track and music served to mask the shortcomings.

On the plus side it is thought-provoking about space and physics, the actors gave everything, especially the main character, he was brilliant - it didn't have George Clooney in it a big plus. The concept is excellent, and it dramatises aspects of Einstein's theory of relativity such as meeting your children who have grown older than you.

I hope a lot of people like it, as I wouldn't want all that effort and commitment to go to waste, so just ignore my opinion! Go and watch it and make up your own mind! Special effects are the real winner in this movie, not the plot, not the acting. Most of the story makes little sense and the characters are annoying, except for the ever charming Michael Caine. The plausibility factor was as poor as some 1950's sci-fi and less fun. Back to the Future was and is more interesting. I would have to say it was not a boring movie, but too much talking and teen angst out of adult scientists. Ann Hathaway has no place playing anyone with a PhD. The "Dust Bowl" effect was not terribly convincing, they could have made it seem a lot grimmer. There were too many "that wouldn't happen" moments for me, I couldn't suspend reality because they would keep mixing facts in and then do stuff that was pointless and unrealistic. The noise of the background was so loud often I couldn't understand the dialog, low bass organ music and rocket engine noise so loud my chair vibrated. The characters were doing things that didn't add to the story and just seemed immature, you almost couldn't root for the human race to survive. I love sci-fi thrillers and all. I hated this one. There is something fundamentally wrong with this movie. The story reads as an excuse. An excuse to keep you in a room and play some space flight scenes. The film tried so much that ended up failing in everything. I think the problem is the blend of emotional crap with band-aid surrealistic physics that makes no sense just so that emotion could be the focus of this crap movie. I would really like to convey my opinion but this movie only left 2 brain cells properly working. It is that bad. I sincerely hope I make it. I have been drooling ever since I left the cinema. The movie is incredibly beautiful but it is not intelligent but is mostly a strange mix that does not quite know what it wants. I like it when science and technology are described believable which at times is the case here, but just as in the masterpiece in 2001, it falls hard when you mix in philosophy with a high level of abstraction. Of course there are more holes in the script than can be listed here. One obvious to me is that if the descendants of humanity are those that make us survive Who was it that saved us the first time?

We meet several parallel stories and my 14 year old daughter even shed a tear over something she could not quite explain afterwards. We meet the stories about how humans devastated the earth's resources, technophobia and heroes immortality. The only person who seems quite realistic, however, Matt Daemon. It's like his mixture of malice, selfishness and cowardice doing so the movie gets off the ground for a short while. And it is of course not good for a film largely set in space (pun intended). "Interstellar" was an above average film and I have no regrets spending a Friday night checking it out. Unsophisticated audiences may enjoy it if they don't analyze it too deeply. However, if you are one who understands the world of physics, aviation, or space travel, this one is hard to watch. There are a plethora of continuity issues as well as plot holes. It seems like Chris Nolan watched "Gravity" and decided he could make a really terrible film into something worth watching. He added the "Contact" premise and inserted some Physics theories and some expanded back story to create a mediocre film. I was hopeful that I would be impressed by the obviously inflated reviews but I wasn't. The guy next to me actually fell asleep during the first hour which was very grueling. Of our group, there were three thumbs down and one thumbs up. When I first heard of the making of this film, I had reservations about it. Then, I learned that a well-known scientist(Kip Thorne) was attached to it as a technical consultant and my interest began to increase. Getting it right, scientifically, seldom works with the film industry, although there have been limited occasions where it has. Avatar, Kubrick's classic 2001 back in 1968, and one even further back, Forbidden Planet (1956) show that it can be done.

With this in mind, I thought this might be one of those rare ones that could live up to my expectations. I mean, after all, Christopher Nolan and Thorne. How could it fail. I've always believed that, in order to make a quality science fiction film, you have to have a writer that knows what the genre is all about. In this case, there is not only the potential for quality writing from Nolan but also scientific expertise from one of the top scientist in the field - what could go wrong...go wrong.... Well, in spite of all that, it did just that.

Yes, it was a visual treat that applied all the wonderful effects developed over the years. And it did that very well. But that's not enough anymore; at least not for me.

What I experienced instead was story that was based on a premise that was faulty almost from the start with scientific shortcomings and implausible circumstances. And that's where the disappointment comes in for me. I can understand Nolan's possible lack of detailed knowledge of wormholes, time dilation, gravity effects, and the like, but how could a respected scientist like Thorne allow it? Unless of course he had little control over the film's production. Alas, that is probably the case.

I'm not going into any detail about the the actual story because that is already well documented in other reviews. I end with a final summary and opinion: If you know little about that actual scientific aspects of the various theories touched upon in this film, you'll probably find it entertaining. If, on the other hand, you have sufficient knowledge of what we humans actually know of such things; you too, may be a bit disappointed. Interstellar was supposed to be a cardinal point for mankind at this stage (2014) as far as technological science go and the perspective possibility or not of a new habitat in space.

It let me so down! Instead of a true vision for the future Interstellar works out an ordinary Hollywood blockbuster that vegetates on emotional blackmail in a father daughter relationship. Sorry Christopher Nolan but this is not what I payed for! Why should man go into space if all he cares about is miserable inter human nonsense?

The unprofessionalism of the astronauts is limitless. Austronauts don't go into space without a strict course. So not in Interstellar, in this movie the astronauts choose randomly with course to take. This is supposed to be science? Don't make laugh! What a drivel! This movie is everything I expected it not to be. It was dramatic, but not in a good way. Over dramatic. Far, far too predictable, too Hollywood and anything, and I mean anything but scientific. I'm just going to ask this once - Chris,have you ever actually read any Stephen Hawking? Because then maybe the story line could have taken a turn toward science instead of fairy tale, Hollywood pump up the revenue box office production. Maybe someone on your crew could have consulted with Hawking and came up with an alternate ending. One where people who enter black holes get broken up into their atomic parts such as happens to even light. Instead of some fantasy land Disney ride. Wow what garbage.

The trailer in this movie made it look like an amazing adventure in deep space. And yes, don't get me wrong there is space, and a few time deadlines to add in some much needed suspense after one too many porch scenes with Grandpa drinking beer while tending the corn fields. However, what this movie lacked was a sense of logic. I mean really. Flat out.

The blight that is taking down the humans seems to be completely overlooked in the movie. There really is no information on it except, our atmosphere has a lot of nitrogen in it which is feeding the blight. "huh?" The earth is written off in this movie because of blight? This earth has survived, earthquakes, giant meteorites, plagues, famines, flooding and we are done in by a blight?

Fine, we can't feed people so we are headed for the stars, all covertly of course. And our hero just happens to stumble upon NASA. Which wants him to be the pilot, even though he's a reluctant farmer, who was a pilot - because as a pilot he's the best of the best with honors. The script felt like something I would read in an old spaghetti western Clint Eastwood movie. I feel like I threw money away on a cheap plot based on oversimplification of scientific notions and box office greed. And the end: omg it's "time," no, no it's "gravity," no it's time. Just stop. And our protagonist surviving a black hole. What? Because it's not a black hole? Human's built it? Future humans. Probably the one's from Futurama. OK I've seen enough roll credits.

However, that said, if you want some good sound, yes the sound was good. Good visuals, nothing gravity didn't do better, and descent acting, almost like Armageddon, yah know, the Bruce Willis stuff. Then indeed this is your movie. Trust me, this is no Inception. If you go, enjoy, just don't go in with high expectations (9.1 on IMDb? really?)or you'll be let down.

Oh and the 2001 monolith robots were the highlight of the movie for me. They were good for a couple of laughs. Have a good one. Was almost not going to give this movie a pass, having a feeling that it was going to be a bloated mess.

And oh my what a bloated, drawn out, rudderless and boring bloated mess it was!

I have never felt like walking out of the cinema while watching a movie but at the half way point of this film i was tempted, it was that bad.

The story was a meandering affair not really going anywhere from start to finish with nonsensical and cliché dross thrown in for good measure.

It didn't feel like a sci-fi, more like a soppy drama with a few sci-fi elements thrown in and the special FX where nothing special, a few OK scenes but for the most part it was bland bland bland.

I thought it was going to be an innovative, trippy Kubrikesque like film with a lot of bizarre and amazing visuals and strange and unique vistas and scenes, aliens, strange technologies, Otherwordly Gods!

Instead it boiled down to a silly soap opera with bickering astronauts and crying family members. Avoid. Although the idea is simple and written 100 times in SF novels and short stories, it could make a quite good space opera. It could be deep and wise. It could make people think. But no. It had to be wasted. The weakest point is not poor acting (by the way: McConaughey really can't speak? I am not the best in the world in English, but I know many native speakers who couldn't understand him talking), awful music. Even the dumbest possible design of a robot is not the worst part of the movie. It is a forced, painful solemness and pretended adherence to science and logic combined with funny, childish errors and a mile wide gaps in logic.

It would take to much time and space to write down all stupid ideas, so just a few of them. Some of them are partially explained in the movie or e.g. in IMDb FAQ, but the explanations are even more naive than the goofs themselves. I start with a biggest problem: - In R. E. Raspe's "Baron Munchausen", the baron drowns in the mud and saves his life by pulling himself out, on his own hair. The Earthmen in the movie do the same: the humans from the future save their ancestors. But if the present people perish, there are no future people to save them... The most simple paradox, and yet they included it in the "serious" movie. And no naive explanations (branches, interpretations, non-linear timelines etc) can make it wiser, no matter how many times they use the word "fractal". And if the future people exist, they don't need to do anything, do they? - The best plan from the future humans is to put (in a past) a wormhole, 2 years flight from Earth, making it almost impossible to find and reach. Then the Earthmen would have to build spaceships for billions of people to travel to a new world. I would simply help the Earthmen get a decent crops...

A catastrophic climate change destroys all the crops. How? During just several years? And all plants are dead? All animals? But humans survived? How? Isn't it possible e.g. to grow some algae in oceans? Why nobody even tries to do anything? - Why an anti-science education? A science never does any harm. Only the politics and businessmen do, using science. So it is not the science to be ostracized.


A farmer drives his children to anti-science school fully equipped to bring a military drone down (has a specially programmed computer, antennas, means to establish a connection, etc.) - A "ghost" communication is very implausible. Does it really depend on gravity? Even some waves, oscillations would create observed effects on books/dust, the gravity hardly could.


Barely legal NASA base, hidden in a barn, building a spaceship... Funny. Unsuccessfully looking for it's best pilot in the world, year after year... Funny. The pilot accidentally finds them, and is captured and interrogated like a war prisoner by scientists - funny. The scientists are pilot's old friends. And they just finished building a rocket. He has never seen this ship, he is a farmer for 20 years now, so will he fly it, the only hope for humanity, please? FUNNY! - Plan A and B. Science and technology so advanced that can keep human embryos alive during a space journey, and rise them to get humans, can not rise a radish on Earth (nor perform a MRI scan).


Please, stop the stupid "expert's presentation how it works" (the imbecile with a pencil demonstrating wormholes, just like the similar imbecile in "The Martian" explaining the trivial maneuver around Earth). What makes it even more pathetic, the "expert" addresses his childish show to a engineer and best NASA pilot.


...and so on... I don't understand the physics that stands beside the unusual phenomena in the alien solar system, on its planets (the hundred miles high waves on an ocean two feet deep, the frozen, solid clouds in the air, the anti-logic movements of the ships, the anti-logic decisions of the crew... and so on...


and at the end I (and all the nearby watchers) couldn't believe the stupidity of the falling to the black hole behind the main character daughter's bookshelves. It was... it was... unspoken. And the Future Men felt that the best way of communication with Present People is to shake the books in some girls' bedroom. If you can move the book, or a hand of the watch - that means, you can move objects - you can take a pen and write as well. It is the same action, using the same forces. Yes, I fully understand the meanings, metaphors, 11 dimensions of continuum, and so on. Doesn't help.


To sum up: Interstellar is just another pseudoscience-fiction movie. It is intended to be deep and serious, but is just funny (including it's makers argumentation why it is not). It is not easy to think out a GOOD SF story. You can easily make a non-science fiction story which is very good and nice to read or watch (like Star Wars), but it cannot pretend it is serious and science-based. The most depressing thing about that movie is, however, it's huge overrating on IMDb. Are the young people so easy to control? If they see something that makes the first impression of having some value (slow, grave, pseudo-intellectual) they give 9 and 10 points just to show they are serious and deep-thinking? Is that why poor SF movies get such a high notes? Passengers, the last few Aliens and so on?

My "4" rating is a real one, not lowered to balance the general overrating. I'm actually really angry right now, a few people recommended this film to me and i just don't understand why?! Maybe i'm just not that smart. I barely understood it and most of it went over my head. I pretty much relied on the synopsis to understand what was going on, and if a film is that hard for me to follow, then it The production values are A+ but the writing is that of a class B picture. Filled with ridiculous, spacious claims and assumptions. The premise itself is the weakest link, but then there is a ton of little mistakes like driving through a sandstorm or placement of the conference room, that can really strain ones suspension of disbelief. It's akin to presenting Cinderella as a re-imagining of what life was like in medieval times.

what was amazing was that there was no sound in space scenes (other than music) e.g. on thrusters. Usually I would appreciate that but it was doubly distracting as they seem to have left a few dozen more obvious, glaring oversights in.

Then there is the horrendous acting by Anne Hathaway, and Jessica Chastain to a lesser extent. Those two ladies make Matthew McConaughey look like Alec Guinness. And McConaughey, with his annoying way of speech, like he's got his mouth full of peanut butter or some other brown substance, playing what has got to be one of the dumbest smart-guys in film history. In all fairness, they were probably going for tough but sensitive and smart just got lost in the cracks.

It gets better as they get to the wormhole and some of the scenes located outside of earth are entertaining, it does not however save the viewer from a fate worse than Contact. obviously just isn't for me. I can't fault the visuals, music or the majority of the acting - just the story, and in particular the turn it took at the end...what was that? why? there was no need! I was bored at the start. Then the film peaked my interest once they were in space and then the turn it took just made me fed up and annoyed. I don't seem to love Christopher Nolan as much as everyone else does, i enjoyed his earlier films and two of the Batman films but most of his films just end up boring me. It's disappointing because i usually always love his casting choices and i want to like his films but most of them just don't engage me. Maybe he just isn't for me. Jon enjoyed this more than me and gave it 7/10 but even he admitted that he didn't understand the majority of it and he also enlisted the help of the synopsis. I guess if you haven't watched it give it a go, you may enjoy it or like me you might wish that you'd spent the past three hours doing something else... The movie had a few moments that were well acted I suppose and as you watched you felt a potential as possibly emerging at any moment. Seemed to be some mumbling going on that became annoying. Didn't seem to be any interactions between characters that was particularly compelling or established a bond with the viewer. The concepts of space were like smoke and mirrors even if you gave them a tremendous amount of slack considering it's only a movie. I was going to attempt to watch it again to see if there was something missed in making the connect on this movie but after reading so many other reviews exclaiming such disappointment, I decided to forgo the extra headache! The good news that we have the brothers reunited and again working on circular narrative. Again, we have a powerful narrative arc that shifts in unexpected and engages in expected ways.

The device is hackneyed: messages from the future, but is handled deftly. Where it is clumsy, we are competently distracted by narrative and visual process. The love story that drives this is novel enough to not fall into one of the three formulas commonly used for 'love,' (despite McConaughey) or two for father-rescues-daughter. We have a chosen child who saves the world by supernatural intervention, but again, this doesn't distract. These accomplishments alone make this worth experiencing because many devices are used to reset our expectations from formulas. Some fail horribly and that keeps this film from my absolute essential viewing list; I'll get to those in a moment. But all that are under the control of the filmmaker are so well considered that they bear mention.

Take, for example the visual setting. The story itself is about the folding of time, but in a subtle way. The time of the story is in the future, but the setting is in the past. We refer to the dustbowl. All the cars, buildings, clothes and verbal expressions are vaguely from that era. We never see a brand that would pin down the time.

More powerfully, the film itself is made as a science fiction film would be in the 50s-60s, using notions and tropes from that era. The robot is from "Forbidden Planet." The notion that a world-saving enterprise rests on the mathematical attempts of one man alone. That a vast enterprise is actually secret and located in one spot, with no suppliers. That construction of a spaceship requires welding sparks. That a heavy lift launch can occur in a building.

Look at the computer screens. Nearly all are commandline interfaces. The switches and control panels are from the DEW line era. They haven't managed to use legacy fonts in the signage, but it looks like they avoided the most obvious: helvetica.

Even the drone is a currently obsolete model. Underscoring all this is setting the film in Texas. Malick, and before him Bogdanovich, Hooper, Welles exploited the fact that Texas lives in two eras, sucking riches from the present while defining itself in some fictitious and better past.

The film is also clearly in a future, after antiscience politicians have written technology out of the textbooks, denying the moon landing and forcing something named NASA underground. The ambiguity of time is conveyed subconsciously and works. I think they used some recorded interviews from the actual dustbowl era.

But the flaw, the underlying decay in this film is in who they relied on for the science. They clearly separated the science of the adopted genre (noted above) from the science used in the actual extraterrestrial events. They chose renown physicist Kip Thorne as their authority.

The man is an important scientist and reportedly very engaging. But the world of such scientists is divided between those who believe in the primary eminence of geometry and those who believe instead in ordered mechanics. This is a deep divide, highly polarized when the work gets going.

Which is better for the problems at hand is irrelevant here. But which is better for cinematic depictions of encounters with the forces of the world well there is no contest and Noland chose unwisely. I may write about this. A good title may be the Carl Sagan effect.

On other unrelated matters, some unresolved minor plot threads remain. The finished film exceeded the time budget for story-before-launch as it is, but we'd like to know what the reason for introducing the drone was and why it was important.

A bit worse: In the film, we have a very hard won ability to send messages back in time, describing deep science from inside a black hole. I get that. But 'before' all those events, some other souls sent back messages and the physical artifact of the wormhole. Why not use that mechanism, unless the much-mentioned notion of the urges of love are essential to the bridge? I'll go ahead and write a first objective and actually useful paragraph, instead of just giving my opinion that nobody cares about:

Is this a movie for me?

1. I didn't like Inception and got very confused by it.

2. I loved Inception and found it very edgy.

3. I didn't like Inception, I thought it was actually pretty shallow and boring and it failed to impress me.

If you're in category 1, you will probably not like this movie, as this is the very same type of movie.

If you're in category 2 , you watch one sci-fi movie ever 3 years or so, if your forehead wrinkles when someone utters a concept as basic in sci-fi as "asimov laws" (for instance), if you get easily impressed and proud when you understand a movie that category 1 doesn't, you will love Interstellar.

If you're in category 3, you are more than familiar with sci-fi, whether it's movies, TV shows, literature or even video games. Avoid this movie, it will bore you out of your mind and you will get pretty annoyed by category 2 people acting like you're category 1 just because you didn't like a movie that felt challenging to them, and because they can't fathom the possibility that some people are way past this kind of movies and can't just be impressed by it.

In other words, this movie was just like Inception, mediocre. And since people really have a hard time with this word, let me just explain what it means: Medi-ocre. The Latin root word medi means "middle".

Bottomline this is an "average" movie for the "average" viewer. All the (current) 9.0 IMDb "average rating" does is reflecting that fact. I can understand that some you yours haven't heard about the relativity and the relation between gravity and time. But it's been +70 years that it has been proved that time is slower when things are not moving and faster when they move. Einstein explained and a countless books after him that at the light speed, objects have an infinite gravity and time is stopped. You will find many documentaries on you tube if you search... So many feels that by seeing this movie, they have discovered some hidden secret, thanks the Nolands for teaching E=Mc2 to the average American who still think that we are on Earth since Jesus. Apart from that people a crying all the time in this movie, that's too much really. The movie is slow and even if there is some tension and some surprises, it is just an average movie. The visuals are not so great, I think the Noland Brothers didn't wanted to make a 2nd Space Odyssey. The music is at the opposite of the Kubrik movie and Interstellar tries to be as realistic as possible without abusing of space wide angle. The problem is that there is a lot of empty spaces, there are only a few actors, the planets are empty. This movie does not gives you a great feeling about the conquest of space. Not so boring for 3 hours, but not so good too too. What's Noland's next movie? the UFO? The life of Jesus after he landed from Mars? The quantum physics and their relation with the time and space? Who knows... I was bored and love science fiction movies, so I saw half of "Interstellar" - way too much of it. Since I expected nothing, I wasn't disappointed: that's what I got. Few friends probably planned to see it, so there was no point in telling them not to. It has not a single redeeming feature, and shamelessly copies many films and TV series - 2001, not the least of them. I've seen better sci-fi on 50s or 70s television. It's 100% cliché-ridden from the git-go - the characters, the story, the actors (no acting is necessary!), the "cinematography" (almost non-existent) the music, the locations, the sets, even the editing. What an embarrassment, an insult. It's a film worthy of this year's midterm elections, as it cynically abandons all pretense and respect for imagination, experience, science, detail, creativity, or humor. It is written and plays to the lowest level of intelligence - the entire film does nothing but fulfill expectations set in the first few minutes. You might as well listen to the movie as a podcast. Matt McConnaughey has never been so stereotypically bad. I hope it destroys a few careers. It should. I like movies. I watch them a lot. I personally know 2 of the actors in this film, and also some people connected to the scoring. After all the hype I was geared up to watch it. I fell asleep once within the first hour and drifted in and out of consciousness throughout the film. It's too long, waaay to much dialogue - a completely bombastic storyline and Matthew just irritated me.

I could give a much more well rounded review and get all academic - but its not worth it. I really can't sum up the words to say how much of a dull experience this was. There are some crazy visuals once they eventually get into space - but the dialogue and the actual audio mix is really lame.

Watch it if you really have nothing else to do - or perhaps if you're a drug user it might work better under the influence. Since I don't take drugs - that's just a wild guess - it might - actually - make it even worse.

One thing for sure - I wouldn't watch it again. Not for all the tea in China. Watched 2001 space od. instead.

How can this film get a higher score on IMDb than a classic proper sci film and not some family drama stretched out and a bit of futuristic spice?

I can only think this gets such a high rating due to viewers not seeing old films and being won over by modern day bandwagons to jump on.

Also the lead character is so wooden. He acts like a 2 by 4. And he mumbles his stiffly delivered bits. This would not matter in a proper sci-fi film but here in this melodrama masquerade it does matter.

Or really it doesn't matter. This is over rated tripe. It's not a bad movie, but it's ordinary at best. Dialogue is very clumsy at times. It's too long, and way too much time is spent on explaining phenomenons that don't need to be explained. It could have been such an elegant and thought provoking movie, but instead it's dead set on explaining absolutely everything. It ruins the mystery, and the opportunity for me to use my own imagination. Unfortunately the time spent making sure that everyone in the audience understands the movie EXACTLY the way the director wants you to, is spent, at the expense of a good storyline and the development of believable characters and meaningful relationships. A funny idea, and a powerful soundtrack, just doesn't cut it for me. I was very underwhelmed and disappointed, but go see for yourself. Interstellar is Christopher Nolan's big, BigBudget homage to Kubrick's 2001. Except it is not. Where 2001, Robert Zemeckis' Contact (which also cast Matthew McConaughey), and Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity used solid science as a launch for deeper philosophical musings, Interstellar begins with ersatz science and degenerates from there. The premise that a planet orbiting a black hole would be a suitable place to relocate Earth's population (after Earth's environmental collapse) is a fatal flaw. Black holes radiate powerful, deadly radiation, and everything circling around them are inevitably sucked closer and closer into the black hole's crushing gravity. Somehow, the hero ("Cooper") gets himself inside the black hole unharmed, where he sees myriad display screens of himself at various times in his life. And somehow he sends his past self a message. The illogic of that circular logic (ignores first cause) breaks the entire arc of the storyline, such as it is.

Then there are illogical subplots like the crew rescues an abandoned astronaut, "Dr. Mann," from death and he repays them by trying to kill all of them for no expressed reason. The fight scene between Dr. Mann (Matt Damon) and Cooper (McConaughey) is intercut with something happening back on Earth (setting fire to a cornfield) that doesn't have any apparent connection. The sound balance raises sappy music, designed to portray emotions like heroism, way above the volume of the actors' voices. The audience can't hear much of what they are saying. I thought at first this was a flaw because I assumed that what they were saying would clarify some of the meaningless actions. But now I believe that it was just as it was supposed to be: gibberish.

Although Nolan spent many, many millions, and some reviewers think this movie rates their highest number of stars, I say it is close, but not quite the Worst Movie of All Time. Giving it the title of Worst would confer too much attention to this sorry waste. I really, really waited this film. I got nothing that I expected from other's reviews and scores.

Yes, it has some interesting pictures, it speaks about big issues, it gives you exciting moments, but after I left the cinema, I forgot what it was all about, because the mistakes and fails made me forget it. The biggest issue is that it is slow, and contrary to Space Odyssey, it is slow because it needs time to prove its own false truth. We need to accept that the guys who leave Earth are so stupid and non-professionals, that they can only make bad decisions. Nobody is such crazy to go down on a planet on which time goes so slow that the spacecraft above will burn lot of resources for 23 years while waiting the team to get back. A little boy can do a simple calculation, that going down and up needs more than one hour, so the remaining crew and station will spend a lot of time and resources. Much more than if they go to the other two planets. Still, they go down. And what the lonely guy does up on the station? Instead of putting the station into energy saving mode and going to sleep, he wastes the little resources they have. I see, so the director needed to spend all these resources and time to make the film more dramatic. However, contrary to this intention, from this scene, the film lost me. But there was an other contender earlier in the film which could have made me angry, but I noticed it only after this 23 years nonsense. Anybody can explain why a hibernation tank goes under a strange, dirty, concrete like something which is very much like some Eastern-European communist public bath's floor?! Is this science fiction? Or is this the Hostel? And it just can't stop. You are a scientist,right? You work from data, you trained to do so. There is scientific method, right? So when you get on an other planet and find a robot there in pieces, you just accept everything the man you find there says to you. You land on ice-clouds floating in the sky, but you accept that everything is fine here. You start to land your stuff on the clouds, however the resources to use is not on the clouds, but under. You notice nothing, right? What are you doing? And I should eat this and feel myself OK? The worst part? When love almost becomes law of physics. In the sixties, some kind of stupid philosophy could have been accepted. But now? Really? The girl, who has her own 'field of science', tries to explain to the others that they should go to her favorite planet because perhaps love is more than we see about it? Again: really? What more? Is it the dark matter holding the universe together?

This supposed to be science-fiction, right? OK, we found science, and it is fiction, but a 'new Space Odyssey' should give you visions. This film gave me a useless journey and a huge space-station around Saturn at the end. Is this the solution? An old man sent a dozen men through a wormhole only to train a girl who finally understands that a space station is the solution humanity needs?!

If you want to see this film, wait until you can watch it home on a boring Sunday afternoon. Don't waste your time otherwise. omg this movie was so stupid, like really, waist of time,i even pulled out my cell phone and browsed fb while it was playing because of how stupid this movie was. The music at some parts was just so way over kill, too loud and too way dramatic. The whole story was crap and did not make any logical sense, so ur telling us that NASA did not know that the best pilot to fly the space ship was living only about a car drive away from ur secret hiding base? u did build a space ship to fly out but cant have mri machines anymore? a drone was flying for 10 years and no one saw it or knew about it? wtf, its like the person who wrote this movie was like thinking we are all so stupid and wont understand who this movie is not making any seance. OK the only part i did like about the movie was when they found the bad guy who try to kill the main character, that was something interesting, and his trying to dock into the space station, it was nice story but still none nonsensical. bc with time, it just don't make any sense, so they 2 walk away from the space ship and then when he called the space ship to rescue him u can see they fly so far, no way they could of walk that distance, then at the same time they rescue the good guy via plane, the bad guy can walk all the way back to another plane? while a 3rd one get blown up???wtf and also how many shipped did they send anyways, it just did not make any sense to me this movie. its just way too stupid. sorry, but it was.i want my money back! Like quite a few others I'm giving this one star to balance out countless 10 star reviews.

My wife and I watched this because of the high average review on this site. I won't bother describing why the movie was so bad. Others have done a great job. It was like watching a three hour train-wreck, or a regular train wreck shown in super slow motion over several hours.

Unfortunately I can't just leave it at that, because I have to write at least 10 lines. So I will expand enough to say that the "science" was non-existent, special effects were poor, the pacing slow.

Perhaps the most ridiculous thing was that the astronauts had to leave earth with a 20th century three-stage rocket, but later they landed on other planets and took off again with Star Wars type landing craft. That's just one example of insane stupidity, and it just got worse and worse from there. I'm a big fan of Christopher Nolan's work and was really excited to see "Interstellar." While the film started very strong and was loaded with emotional promise, the story just lost me and I quickly found myself growing bored with it.

Yes, the film is visually stunning, Matthew McConaughey is awesome in his role, and the film has some very entertaining robots that provide some light-hearted and cool moments, the story's emotional impact was lost due to Nolan showing off how much he knew about science and time. While what we are presented with is interesting and neat to learn, they weren't presented in a way I felt was meshing with the story. They felt more like intermissions where the story is stopped and the audience is forced to pull out their textbooks to learn about what is going to happen. It felt like Nolan was stopping the emotional course of the story to show you all how hard he knows science.

And while I loved McConaughey in the film, I felt a lot of the performances weren't coming close to what he was brining. Heck, even some of the characters come off as superfluous as they lack any real depth and feel tacked on in order to achieve the next plot device—for example, the surprise addition of a well known actor comes off as a needless villain that did little to really create tension and felt like something that was thrown in at the last minute.

I still really enjoy Nolan's work and will forever admit that the visuals were gorgeous and McConaughey was very enjoyable in the film—and yes, I will say that all the science Nolan drops on us is very intriguing and cool but, in the end, I just couldn't invest myself in the story. It starts very strong but once the story took to the stars and traveling through black holes, the emphasis went from deep emotion to deep thought and that hurt the overall presentation for me. Science is pretty awesome but I just didn't see a balance of getting the human factor and the academic factor right. They didn't seem to gel and that kept me from getting fully invested in the journey to save the human race.

Hello! The name is Rev. Ron and if you feel like reading more of my rants, ramblings, bad jokes, geek references, and other movie reviews (like a more in-depth look at "Interstellar" and other films that can instantly get the ears of Neil deGrasse Tyson to perk up) you can visit my blog at revronmovies.blogspot.com. If you don't want to do that because I didn't like the movie and that automatically makes you hate me and desire to call me "stupid" (because we like doing that on the internet), then you don't really need to visit my blog. Christopher Nolan has made some great films, but alas, this isn't one of them. It's not a bad film, but as sci-fi, it misses the target. A film about alien life forms is credible, because it's possible, but a film that mumbles abstract nonsense about a relationship between quantum data, time and five dimensions, that puts a primary character behind a bookcase to observe what's going on in front of the bookcase while unable to communicate through the books had me shaking my head. And then, in what seemed like an eternity later, in a silly and inconvenient way he does communicate. Also, I'm still wondering about the significance of the drone chase sequence. Particularly distracting was when HE rose from the pod. Maybe if I'd known he was in the movie would have prepared me for it, but it came across as an unintended joke. And the constant crying by every one of the characters was just too much. Reportedly costing $165 million to make, the money sure doesn't show up on the screen. For all the questionable raves about the effects, among other things, I wasn't wowed by them at all. A dark color palette full of dull grays was far from inspiring, as good science fiction should be and it came across on the screen as being low budget to me. Visually, it was no Oblivion. The relationships and drama between the characters is the main focus of the film with space and time travel serving only as a device to advance and put some quirkiness into that plot line. As I said, it's not a bad film. Without the lofty expectations of seeing top notch sci-fi from a great film maker, it still had some good dramatic and emotional moments that held my attention, largely because the actors threw their all into it and because Hans Zimmer's great score made some overly long sequences seem way more exciting that they were. Here's hoping Mr. Nolan gets back on track next time out. I believe that once people get on the band wagon they follow the hype of this move, hence the mega score of 9.5. I think Chris Nolan wanted to enter himself in the realms of Stanley 2001.

I wont bore myself or anyone else, my major issues, 1. Why use Saturn rocket to launch out of earth when they had these cool ships in the rest of the movie to fly up and down from planets.

2:They can go through worm holes, find earth like planets but cant detect its a frozen rock and the other has no land at all.

3.If he could send a message to say STAY, why would he then have sent the co ordinates to NASA headquarters, why send anything at all.

4.MATT DAMON, didn't fit role. How this travesty of a "sci-fi" movie has garnered so many gilded reviews is proof that either A) I am way out of step with the great, unwashed movie-going masses or B) the aforesaid masses have never seen a truly great "sci-fi" flick. This movie was interminable; I almost walked out 38 minutes into the run, when Mathew was still just a former test pilot trapped in the body of a corn-huskin' farmer.

Which leads me to my first problem with Interstellar: would you "hire" a corn-huskin' farmer and devoted Dad of 2 to be the pilot of an intergalactic space mission? Aside from 1 or 2 very brief allusions, there is ZERO explanation / justification for Matt to be selected for this mission. And strangely enough, Michael Caine ages not 1 day in the 23 years since Matt blasts off for "strange new worlds".

He is still in the same pants and shirt as he was when Matt blasted off (23 years before); the directors did give Mike a wheelchair for good measure. Before I proceed, there were 2 or 3 somewhat interesting plot twists, and the CGI / special FX were very good (just like "Gravity", another recent "sci-fi" disappointment); although the robot was utterly ridiculous; more like a walkin', talking' 21st century soda machine or a "Gen 12" Robbie the Robot.

Of course, CGI and special FX alone do not a classic "sci-fi" film make. I cannot disclose 2 major plot disappointments due to the "spoiler" clause but suffice it to say the powers behind this film have tried to fuse an entry level class in quantum physics with an action film; and it just didn't work.

I have now accepted, grudgingly, that for enough money you can get the finest actors to play in the most ludicrous films. Read the cast list; scratch your heads in disbelief, along with me. And if you want a classic "sci-fi" movie? Try 2001, Blade Runner, and Alien. OK, so I am not the type of guy that says that every movie is good but with Interstellar it is really hard not to. This is really a great movie. The story has been put together very careful and is extremely hard to follow but when you understand it, you realize that it is a good movie. Interstellar made me think about the science of the universe. And since a lot of information is correct in the movie (the content witch is used in the movie is what we are seeing in class right now) it can be in some way educational. But a lot of content they use is based on possible things. for example: I think is is a real possibility that there is a 4th dimension bus for us humans it is very hard to imagine that. But they make that unimaginable 4th dimension accessible for people. But since we and some scientists are not sure that the unknown information is true, is it awesome how the movie sticks together.

Interstellar: Great plot, it is awesome how the people who made interstellar take our imagination for a spin, and make the possibility that the content of the movie is reality so realistically possible. That is what makes this movie so great

Wout Selosse, Sunday the 9th of November at 11am, Belgium. Interstellar is a jaw-dropping, awe-inspiring, beautiful, complex and thrilling adventure.The film is a mix of Spielberg's warmth, Kubrick's brain and Malick's beauty.Visually it is one of the best film ever made if not the best. Totally, is it the best film ever made? i don't know. A film of this scope and ambition is sure to have some narrative flaws here and there but it is beyond my ability to judge a film like this and find flaws in first viewing. May be i need to see it again to find any flaws, hell why should i find flaws while enjoyed it immensely.

Performances were great. Hans Zimmer music was terrific and loud at times. Endurance docking and ghost subplot gave me chills. Some of the stuff is hard to understand like the Gravitational singularity, Relativity and 5 Dimensional space. But Nolan connected the dots between them very efficiently and mixed them with love and humanity. If you are a sucker for these things, the film will transcend you into it or else it feels overly sentimental.

Don't miss it. I recommend you to watch it in IMAX if possible. No need for a spoiler here. the ending is so bizarre, unbelievable, and pretentious. it is the type of ending a Hollywood director on LSD might make. That being said, Nolan does make the 5th dimension a reality--stupidity. I can't believe the yawning of 10s and 9s. I guess you cannot trust the critics or the movie audience anymore. if you believe that movies should be believable, coherent, and enjoyable then you fail the test to see this move. period. So my advice to you is simple, read the book first. oh wait, there is no book? that is because there isn't a publishing company that would print it. let me give you a line from the movie, and you tell me if it is worth seeing. "Who are they?" "I dunno, but they are real and wanted us to be here." That is because We are they." oooookaaay. This is my first review on here but I had to say something. I just left the theater and I haven't felt like this in 15 years. Yes, that's right, not since 1999, not since, dare I say it, "Star Wars - Episode 1 - The Phantom Menace". And I've only been waiting for this movie for a little over a year!

All I have to say is the following; Interstellar was an incoherent, implausible, unscientific, misandrist mess.

*** SPOILERS BEGIN HERE ***

1. The protagonist in this film, Cooper, is denied the prize of his journey and sacrifice only to give it to the female characters of the movie. His daughter inherits the knowledge of both her father and Caine's scientist character and mysteriously solves the gravity equation which inexplicably saves the world. Anne Hathaway's character is saved by Cooper's sacrifice so she can become some galactic 'Eve' on a new planet. Ridiculous. What is she going to do, make an appointment at the IVF clinic on planet X? Is she going to give birth to ten daughters and artificially inseminate them in turn? Nonsense.

2. The antagonist, Matt Damon's character, is nothing but a caricatured villain whose motivations are never explained. He is shown as being weak and a coward. No one with these qualities would ever volunteer for a mission like this or last this long on a desert planet without killing themselves. They even called him Dr. Mann which makes him come across as representing all men as weak and evil. Ugh!

3. The old and wise scientist turns out to be a liar. Michael Caine's character is shown to have duped everyone on the mission because he knew somehow that plan A would never work? He's just and @#$#? WTF!

4. The brother, who for some reason Cooper doesn't give two @#$% about turns into an insane madman.

5. The mission which takes them on a journey for thousands of light years of space travel only to circle back to a little girl's bedroom to show that a girl's intuition and love trumps science on any day of the week! Absolute nonsense!!!

THE ONLY MEN IN THIS MOVIE THAT ARE GIVEN ANY REDEEMING QUALITIES IS THE BLACK MAN AND THE ROBOT.

Mr. Nolan, and I'm sure you read this garbage, please take this advice for your next film: You don't need to water down your male heroes with emotional drivel and juvenile female sentiment to get women to watch your movies. You did this in Inception and TDKR when you jammed in Marion Cotillard's awful emotional subplots into an otherwise brilliant story.

Take the example of 2010: Odyssey Two. A forgotten sci-fi gem of the eighties. This movie had a very strong female lead played brilliantly by Hellen Mirren. Her character was most believable because she was in balance with her equally strong, intelligent male counterparts which included Roy Scheider and John Lithgow (anyone catch the hot dog reference?).

If you modeled this movie after 2010 instead of 2001, I think you could have reached your biggest audience. Unfortunately, I will not be part of this one.

I gave this movie two stars for some original ideas the movie tried to do. The story, the score and some god-awful performance by Matt Damon made it impossible to keep this movie together. Etc, etc, etc...

DSMan This awkward movie felt like Sci Fi produced by a technical, corporate entity. The idea was fairly cute. Much depended on the mourning by the daughter, but the actress didn't make me care about her. The protagonist didn't make me care about him either, for that matter. I thought the female astronaut was quite engaging but the movie was the most interesting, her choices, angst and suffering were the only interesting thing about the movie. The Black Hole stuff was horrible, but even the black hole in this movie is not volume enough for the plot holes and miraculous coincidences that drive the story. He was only able to communicate via a malfunctioning watch, What the...? Nothing in this movie made sense. Every major scene was blatantly impossible. Worst of all, there was no warmth, no compassion, no style, no love. From fictional nonsense to lacking in explanation as to main events taking place in the show - I would not recommend this movie.

Without modern day astrophysics and scientific knowledge it was tough not to continuously mention how silly a movie this is, especially when it gets to the climax.

If I were interested in fiction and or religious ideology and not having understanding of why events unfolded the way they did in this movie, I may not have scolded my TV set as much. :)

Move a wormhole near Saturn? How would that work in reality? What were they thinking to add such silliness into the plot?

My family was not impressed by the riddles. I would have given this the 1 it deserves but since it's not based on an actual event I cut them some slack.

I'm so glad that Einstein figured out the principals of relativity. Most of the people I meet still think the world revolves around them.

Then Einstein played the "what if" game with Physics. What if you could travel near the speed of light and take a trip, blah, blah, blah. You can't. They can't.

Here's where the 8.8 rating comes from. People want to believe almost anything that is impossible. This movie is garbage.

I'm not humorless. Time travel is garbage too but I enjoyed the BACK TO THE FUTURE trilogy. It was funny and kinda clever. Not this rag. Save your money and remember: your life clock is ticking and there's no way you're going to recover an of it that you spend, in this case 3 hours. How can anyone give this film 10/10 ? It lasts for 3 hours and for the first hour NOTHING happens.

They could have condensed the first hour to 10 minutes.

Poor plot.

NASA developing a secret base because the public would not support spending on such expensive waste of money.

Err maybe they would have spotted the dirty great big rocket launching and wonder what it was ??

How about picking the most ridiculous planet that orbits a black hole? You would never be able to develop and further space as anything in orbit had 7 years for every hour on the surface!

That stupid puddle planet ! and the statement that the explorer had just arrived in their time due to relativity ??..

Err it took 2 years for them to get to Jupiter where the wormhole was. So assuming they did not leave until they reported back, they would have been on the surface for 2 years.

Why can't the transmit back real information ( I may have missed that) when they can send video messages ?

Sending back fake data about a planet that is frozen and has ammonia I the air so that it looks good is Lame as hell. You picked someone to go on a mission through a wormhole alone but they crumble about dying on a frozen planet is stupid.

Anyway you could spot what the planet was like from a long long way to know it was fake.

Hmm turning the Robot into a bomb that self destructs ? Why ? Could they not spot when they landed it was fake? I.E a frozen landscape for miles around is not what I would have called a viable planet.

Ahh yes and sending messages back through the wormhole using gravity to encode data in the watch ticking using Morse code ?????

Pathetic

I had no joy watching this film, except when it went off.

Science fiction this is not. Writing reviews is not my profession or purpose..i prefer to enjoy a movie than to criticize it.. its my second time here after snowpiercer...but i had to write again because its pretty obvious, that some movies are patronised for some reasons although they don't worth it..interstellar is at this category...u know, i m a big fan of sci-fi movie, novels, books, theories of all kind..my entire life is dedicated in searching for answers ...i have watched ridiculous movies , low badget productions or with childish scenarios and i didn't mind, i always find a good spot in any movie..because i have a thurst to solve some of the mysteries that surround us..so , after all the promotion about this movie, i was looking forward to watch it..i thought it would be spectacular ..the promises were fine, the director famous, the actors, the plot...well , i was so wrong!!! first time in my life i slept during a movie...the beginning was awful...the plot was childish and impossible ...the scientific explanations ridiculous..the acting was pseudodramatic and weak..the philosophical and poetical references not convincing, the music terrible... at least i was expected, to see some spectacular special effects in space , in planets...instead , i was watching the side and the wings of the spacecraft and 2 empty planets with no interest...i am still disappointed and angry,cos i was expected a spectacular movie, and instead i watched crap..if a sci-fi movie manages to make me sleep, the biggest fan of sci-fi, its crap...if i have to send an advice to all of u, is this one..don't believe the reviews here and elsewhere with enthusiastic words or votes from 9-10..the movie is below 5 and very weak...in comparison with CONTACT, is like day with night...PROMETHEUS was a masterpiece compare to this, even all the ALIEN series , all the TERMINATOR series, the 2 TOTAL RECALL films, and even even LOST IN SPACE..i do not recommend this film to any sci-fi lover..thanks I went to see Interstellar excited to see both a sci-fi film and the new Christopher Nolan film; I left feeling as though I hadn't seen a film at all but nearly three hours worth of undeveloped characters stumbling from one inexplicable and unnecessary plot twist to the next. Nolan intentionally keeps many of the details of his future world hidden, however, is so clumsy with the details that he does provide that by the end of the film the plot comes together to seem like an utter farce. None of the characters are developed enough for the audience to identify with them and as a result the numerous and lengthy close-ups of teary eyed individuals is tedious and tiresome. Many capable actors are kept to only a few relatively insignificant lines but then later reveal massive plot shifts only moments before being killed off. This drastically reduces the emotional impact of the film despite how clearly Nolan is trying to tug at the audience's heart strings. Even the pace of the film (typically a strength of Nolan's) is way off. Much like Inception and the Batman series, Nolan whisks the story along inviting you to forget one or two potential plot holes in order to keep the audience engaged. However, in Interstellar, the plot holes are far too big to ignore and the fast pace often ends with a dead-end plot development. It feels as though Nolan is rushing through individual sequences just to land his plot right back where it started. By the third act, the audience is left wondering what was really accomplished by the first two. The greatest let-down of the film comes at the crescendo, with the audience eagerly awaiting at least some explanation of the numerous confusing plot twists. No such catharsis is offered because it was never intended. The film ends much as it began, disjointed and seemingly without direction.

I realize that this review will seem quite vague to most readers who have not seen the film: I have tried hard to avoid spoiling any plot details. But let me be clear about one thing. The mysteries contained in this film are not well calculated omissions to keep the audience wondering, (as in Kubrick, Lynch or even Nolan's Inception) but clear inconsistencies that the director hopes he can distract the audience from through pacing and special effects. What he misses is that good pacing comes from good acting as much as directing. And good special effects only work when the audience isn't preoccupied with wondering why this particular sequence is happening in the first place. Nolan would do better to cut out many of the unnecessary plot twist sand spend more time letting the many capable actors tell his story and draw the audience in.

In Kurick's 2001: A Space Odyssey, the most compelling, emotional performance of the film was given by a Robot named HAL. Nolan achieves the same feat in Interstellar with the robot TARS. However, in Interstellar, this is not so much a testament to the director's ability to get the audience to empathize with a machine (as Kubrick did) but a statement about how poorly Nolan was able to tell the story through any of the human characters. For me, Nolan is becoming like M Night......

He has reached that point, or some producer, where they continually push and try to top whatever was done in the past. Yes, that should entirely be the case.....but not to a point of stupidity.

M Night tried to always shock, and that stupidity moment was The Happening.

No pun intended, but I didn't feel that the characters really understood the Gravity of the situation, they never seemed to be bothered, and I mean really bothered about the loss of time. For example....do you think after travelling 2 years away from my kids with the prospect of never seeing them again, that I am going to accept a team mates stupidity that leads to the death of someone and the loss of 23 years? Seriously, there would be some trouble afoot!!!

Do you think a character that has sat around waiting for said folks to return after 23 years would be in any state to continue with the mission? Have some coca and lets get on our way........

The killer for me was the last scene where the main character is shunned and ignored by his grand kids, and great grand kids. Yes, get out of the hospital, Murph wants to be around her family.....

No one seems to truly acknowledge that the hero of the planet was of any worth, and he is pretty cool with that!

I can handle he Blight, the 5 dimension, the space travel and more, I just cannot abide by inhuman behavior......

Exit by stealing a space craft with Deep Blue.......sigh......... I can say many things of this movie, but let me just resume one part:

An astronaut enters a blackhole in a spaceship from the XXI century, a blackhole, that as all blackholes, has so much gravity that it sucks even light into it compresing it. This spaceship doesn't compress because it must be made of some strange material harder than a blackholes gravity force (a force that far away makes 1 hour relative to 7 years in distance). The astronaut doesn't die, aldo he gets out of his amazingly strong spaceship, but instead, arrives to his multidimensional daughters bethroom. Yes. Apparently because of love and a multydimensional trip. Then he proceds to sends her "cuantum data", this hight tech robot -that also enters the black hole- gives him, via morse code to her watch so she can save humanity.

OK. I loved most of Nolan's films. Memento, The Dark Knight are among the best movies I've watched. Sadly I can't say the same about Insterstellar. I can't understand what happened with Nolan on this movie. The plot is a complete mess, filled with arbitrary nonsense they dare call science. It spends time explaining what a wormhole is and then it throws in some metaphysical bs about the fifth dimension which does not make any sense. This is not a sci-fi film it is a fantasy movie. The visuals are the only redeeming quality this movie has. But however great they are, they cannot save this mess of a movie. Weak, forced acting with dull dialogue makes this one of the weakest movies I've seen this year. This movie attempts to be serious and it has good believable science in it but then they do things that just make you want to scream at the writers. If you are going to ask me for suspension of disbelief please be a little consistent.

A space ship takes off from earth boosted with a three stage rocket about the size of a Saturn 5 rocket. That same ship can then take off and reach orbit from two alien worlds with out any boosters, including one planet so far down a gravity well that there is a time dilation of one hour to 7 years. At one point three ships are moving away from a black hole with no thrust but when the smaller ships separate from the larger one they immediately fall back into the black hole. There is a 300 foot ocean swell on a planet where the ocean is only 1 foot deep.

It seems like every time the writers wanted to add some plot device into the story they added a new convenient constraint to their universe. For example you can communicate normally in one direction through their worm hole but only a few bits per day in the other direction. Our hero is an ex-NASA pilot who even though hasn't been in contact with NASA for 20 years is given the task of piloting their latest ship.

I hope anyone who took high school physics would feel insulted by this movie. The first few minutes were good and promising. However soon unreasonable stupidity took over and the whole thing was swallowed up into just another blockbuster cliché, even if in an unusual packaging.

Let's compare it to Transcendence. Despite its few flaws, Transcendence depicted a very realistic scenario from beginning to end. It was reasonable with its depiction of humans too and remained so throughout.

Not so this one. It was made for the masses and the whole premise is stupid.

The scary thing is that this salivating 'blockbuster' is cheered with a 9 rating while Transcendence is written off as something unreal. Got to watch it on in IMAX format last night and found the IMAX experience disappointing, still trying to understand if the effort to shoot in 70mm was worth it. Same low def, blurry type of delivery as watching Gravity on a plane. Mentioned Gravity at the outset, as it comes to mind more often while watching Interstellar than Kubrick's 2001, I guess not what Nolan brothers were shooting for... So, a 2nd display of spinning debris in the cosmic emptiness in 12 months, while trying to make this cinematically thrilling and engaging denotes some sort of gumption, not that Hollywood haven't seen that kind of FX sequeling so many times. Let's say that making movies in 2014 about stuff in space is not easy, in a space where sound waves don't travel and silent movies are long extinct for a reason. Interstellar however is not a very quiet movie at all, lot of vibrating spacecraft and gripping soundtrack as fillers. Kubrick got that right back in 68 using the Blue Danube to keep us connected to the scenes that everyone ever since used as textbook on any extraterrestrial imagery. Nolan is telling a very simple story in a not very precise and confident rendering, adding several disjointed mini-stories in the main one, and ending it with the grand reunion of all characters that have not died explicitly on screen after 2 and a half hours and basically telling the world that time travel is possible and it will be soon available at a farm near you.

I will be brief on my rating of the main cast: Matt McCon is looking more and more like Peter Newman in the 70s and getting pretty good, followed by Jess Chastain with solid delivery, the rest are a mess: Anne Hathaway is 3/10 and Matt Damon, boy ... what happened to him ? Michael Caine is OK, but no cigar. The plot is pretty shabby when looked from above (pun intended)and the mini new age anecdotes are kept in check until the last half hour when we are subjected to full blown loss of control over what/when/how/where.. anything goes, keep calm and wait until everyone's standing up.

Wait for the video. I went in with low expectations... but nothing can prepare you for such a dreadfully uninspiring, convoluted, ass numbing experience. Matthew McConaughey is totally miscast..hardly audible at times..terrible southern droll. There is so much crying in this film, he cries, his daughter cries, the scientist cries, the (insert) villain cries. This film treats dangerous black holes like an elevator journey..their dangerous magnitude and awe is lost and ignored in a few short scenes. The colour pallet for this film is washed out greys, dull and lifeless. The 2 planets they visit are so badly realised and uninteresting you can hear several astronomers and physicists weeping in their homes and hanging up their lab coats.

Christopher Nolan is on a mission to devolve the human race with total nonsense. Its just awful, another space film ruined by a weird crazy 'space odyssey' ending..to be honest the film lost me long before that. The robot is terrible..like something clunked together from Lego by a 4 year old. Every scene with it in made the audience cringe or laugh. 165 million dollar film with some of the worst effects I've seen on the big screen in years. The camera angles were baffling, especially following the shuttles in and out of orbit. They were filmed so close..it was like the director knew they were s@@t and said "its OK guys...I'll pan to a member of the crew crying". I didn't care about any of the characters....Nolan is just awful at conveying human relationships, awful script writer with his brother...nepotism at its finest. Im still recovering..shocked..I'm done with Nolan...the dark knight rises was awful, inception was awful..this is just the icing on the cake...this should have been a space exploration film... wowing the hard paying audience with its gripping story and dazzling effects...in the end it's just total tosh...lifeless, boring and self indulgent. Judging solely on cinematography, this movie is excellent. With shots ranging from side views of space craft to wide shots of alien landscape, this movie is well done through a filming perspective. But the plot is a completely different situation.

(Please note this is more a list of my biggest complaints and not a complete summary, thus many of the arguments will be more rambling than cohesive due to lack of describing every signal plot point.) The first 30 minutes present the situation on Earth very well, and also presents the problem of relatively well about a hour in. But the largest problem in the beginning of the movie is the lack development of the brother. He seems almost bastardized than loved and can be seen as a large problem from the beginning of the movie.

After the first hour the plot begins to break down. The characters have to decide which planet as to go to. Amelia begins the debate with reasonable facts and figures. Cooper then presents the idea that Mann was the strongest of the group and his data was promising. Amelia presents some flaws with the argument and then Cooper makes a personal attack by saying that she is in love with the man on the planet she wants to go to. Ultimately they choose to go to Mann's planet. This particular scene was poorly done because it showed two people, who were chosen for their level headiness and reasoning, resort to using the most irrational arguments that could be formulated to, arguably, make the most important decision of humanity.

Dr. Mann is presented in the later half as a predictable antagonist who is presented as a weak coward, but some how was able to live isolated on a planet for many years without killing himself. Mann has little reason to betray his fellow astronauts other than to save himself, yet doesn't attempt to persuade the others to leave with him.

After Mann is disposed off, Cooper (Mathew McConaughey) seems to have omnipotent ability to fly a ship by feel in space and be precisely accurate as to where he is going, and sends his fellow astronaut to a barren planet to save some portion of humanity.

While on Earth, Cooper's son, who is not as loved as Cooper's daughter, becomes an incoherent lunatic that lacks any basic reasoning. The daughter needing to find some clue for the equation in her room, burns her brother's fields. Even though the daughter attempted to move the family out of the house and get to the room without violence, she burns the fields without attempting to reconcile.

By far the largest problem of the movie is its deus ex machina, "the fifth dimension". The movie presents the fifth dimension as love, and makes blatant foreshadowing to this in first half of the movie at the beginning of the movie. In a movie that presents its self as intelligent and competent of science, then it would know to some degree that love is essentially a chemical in the brain. To change from a scientific view with unknowns about the universe to having love being a metaphysical object is absurd. It would have been better to present the human mind as the fifth dimension rather than one emotion.

Through the use of the fifth dimension, Cooper enters a black hole transmit data back to his daughter through time and saves humanity. In essence, future Cooper sends past Cooper into the worm hole. All with the help of future humans that created the fifth dimension in the black hole. Thus the movie at the same time created a preposterous dimension and a time traveling paradox.

The ending ultimately was lack luster, with an exception of Cooper meeting his daughter for the last time. Cooper is found by the colonization ships and then goes off to find his fellow astronaut.

The movie is three hours, which is far too long for such a predictable and hole ridden plot.

In total, for the price of one ticket you get pretty awesome visuals, occasionally good character development, and a horribly flawed plot. There used to be movies where the purpose of it might be giving entertainment, educating or enlightening them. But apart from most of the movies, 'Interstellar' is more than that. It is not a movie. You never realize that you spent 2 hrs 40 mins in the theater. It blends with you. It makes you a third person in the lives of the character watching then to go through all the experiences they have.

This is not a movie, this is an absolute experience that everyone should experience. It educates you, It questions you wit to the maximum level possible (How many of you understand quantum physics and Wave theory?) It raises an in-numerous questions even to the researchers who are the top in this domain, Is that possible? The answer is yes and no at the same time. For believers, it is possible as explains the paradoxes and decodes how it is possible and for non-believers, there are always questions that cant be answered.

Apart for science, the human connections are stupendous. It makes you to connect emotional not just to a character but to the future of the earth.

And the best part in the movie is subtlety in the picturing it. There is enormous possibility of making it more of a scifi journey showing colorful planets etc etc. But Nolan used what is required without going for too much unnecessary visual elevations.

The science, emotions, story & the screenplay are the best in the movie.

It is an experience that everyone should experience. Question your wits !? This is perhaps the worst space movie I've ever seen. Confusing, useless dialogue, over-long, slow, boring. The director tried to copy 2001 A Space Odyssey with no luck. Better watch this film or read a good book. The plot is easily understood by scientists like Carl Sagan or Stephen Hawkins but not for Joe Average, black holes, gravity effect etc. It shows interesting subjects but they could have been better written, making the movie much more attractive and interesting. What a waste of good acting and nice production design. One of the worst aspects of the movie is that actor McConaughey doesn't vocalize clearly and it is very difficult to understand his words. He must study with Henry Higgins (My Fair lady) so he can learn some phonetics!! But he is a very good actor, wasted on this film. This movie would have been better if it was only about TARS and drones and robots and completely remove humans characters and the damn corny filler dialogue.

All that hard science, special effects, scientists working together, making it seem most real bound together by fantasy and bullshit and missing plot lines and time paradoxes and love and religion. This movie is really a cheeseball Hollywood film with a hard science backdrop.

The characters were as flat as a piece of paper. The guy likes the girl, the daughter is mad at dad, dad loves daughter doesn't care about saving mankind. Even TARS had more personality than many of the movie's characters. The daughter was probably most developed but felt so off. Still she holds a grudge 30 years later.

Is a movie for average joe blow using the bedazzle tactic of impressing you with confusing story, special effects and hard science when is really no meat and nothing useful

TARS gets 10/10 rest of the movie 1/10

I have learned nothing. Made me think about nothing. Wasted my time. Save your money and your time. Except that the CGI moments were great (but were better done in the new "Cosmos" TV series and the film "Gravity"), this film at nearly every level of filmmaking was boring. This certainly would be true if you have no interest whatsoever in science fiction or fact. I had problems enjoying this film on several levels: 1. The annoying musical score: Never seemed to fit the moment, bombastic. 2. The over-the-top soap opera-type melodrama: All characters it seemed carried an unlimited supply of angst and tears. 3. The irritation of trying to hear the actors mumble inane dialogue, especially Michael Caine. 4. Burning corn fields look like Iraq oil fields on fire. 5. After 23 years, the watch left on the bookshelf still ticking and evidently keeping time. 6. Chasing speeding drone through cornfield with a flat tire all with a smooth ride. 7. Hollywood "Wild-west-type" mano-mano fist-fight between Damon & McConaughey in air tight space suits, through a worm hole on an ice planet in another galaxy far, far away. 8. Midway and unexplained appearance of the Topher Grace character. 9. Sets and props often looked like they were borrowed from ancient TV show "Twlilight Zone" 10. Absolutely zilch on-screen chemistry among actors. 11. Poor Ellen Burstyn looking so artificial in all that heavy latex and make up.

I quit, you get the picture of this picture. Awful! I heard Nolan answer a question about authenticity of the scientific basis of the movie. He 'fessed to changing things up but then said — and I agree with him — that audiences are OK with IF the movie is consistent within itself. Unfortunately, Interstellar is far from consistent. How the black hole is treated in completely nonsensical. Light doesn't escape but he and his ship, nor the bot, are stretched out into spaghetti by the gravity. Said hole is at first a safe enough distance away from the ice planet to not be a factor, but is then close enough to 'capture' their ship in it's vortex.

Why oh why did the super-evolved humans (huh?, in and of itself) put that wormhole way out in the 'burbs and then leave a riddle within a black hole on the other side of it if their intention was to save humanity. Couldn't they have been just a little bit more direct, if they can alter gravity on the micro, high resolution level. Come to think of it, if the point of the black hole was simply to house the library thing, why wasn't that simply out in plain view? Seems a lot more sensible than having to conjure up the circumstances whereby someone would think that ENTERING AND SURVIVING A BLACK HOLE WAS POSSIBLE, LET ALONE A GOOD IDEA?!? And wasn't that actually a worm-hole, since he was looking in on the room? why did the other one require an acid trip of a tunnel to get to the other side?

Why oh why is their only A SINGLE PERSON (caine) on earth working on that gravity equation? Oh, and then McConaughy's daughter, after 40+ years, which makes two.

No MRIs and they whip up that space-ship (presumably one of many) in a few years. And suddenly have all that high-tech medicine, despite the lack of tomography. And cryogenics? And why are they tooling around Saturn 100 years after getting mcconaughy's message, instead going through the worm-hole to salvation, or even sending anyone else to help out Lonesome Anne?

Matt Damon and McConnaughy wander off ON FOOT on the glacier and yet it takes comparatively ages for the ship to JJET TO THEIR LOCATION. they must have been fit dudes to accomplish that distance on foot on that terrain.

Infuriating. The best thing was the 'music', more accurately awesome, polyphonic blasts (I mean that in a good way). I know it made it hard to hear some of the dialog, but that wasn't such a bad thing. There are moments during "Interstellar" which may be compared to "2001: A Space Odyssey" (a better movie). There are moments during "Interstellar" which may be compared to "Prometheus" (also, a better movie). There are even moments and storytelling techniques within "Interstellar" that are completely ripped off from "Inception" (a much better movie, from Christopher Nolan himself). That said, "Interstellar" should still be touted as the most ambitious film of the year so far, and in the same breath, should ultimately go down as one of director Christopher Nolan's worst films to date.

This highly anticipated Nolan project depicts a future riddled with dust storms, where the world's food supply is nearly depleted (or at least 40 to 60 years out from being depleted, but that doesn't sound nearly as dire) where astronauts are working as farmers and children are taught that the Apollo space missions were faked. During this time, an underground government institution called NASA commissions a group of astronauts (including Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway) for a top secret space mission. This mission will have them traveling through a newly discovered wormhole, with the promise of finding another inhabitable world.

OK, let's get right to it. Any praise I heap upon this movie will be directed at the final 90 minutes of this two hour and 49 minute long film, since the first 80 or so minutes of "Interstellar" (while absolutely gorgeous at times to behold) is drenched in sequences of McConaughey seemingly reenacting moments from those pretentious Lincoln car ads, caught in a continuous and almost finger wagging diatribe about how the human race was never meant to die on earth, which nearly put me to sleep. In other words, the first half of this is as slow and lifeless as watching a dead astronaut drift through space. Anyway, this is Intersellar's fatal flaw, since the latter half is ripe with big budget yet very symbolic action sequences, stunning cinematography and fascinating talking points dealing with the nature of human survival in the face of an unsympathetic universe, due to some really insightful slabs of dialogue from a script written by Nolan and his brother, Jonathan. Even the literal rocket science lingo becomes more and more palatable as the "gravity" of this plot begins to set in, near the midpoint of Act 2.

Final Thought/The Ending: Allow me to take a quick spoiler free moment to discuss this ending. During the final act of "Interstellar", for most film nerds, Nolan's story will be encroaching on the hallowed grounds of Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey". Some will admire the sheer ballsyness of what he does in this pivotal moment and others will find it in bad taste. Though this is not a huge issue, since I don't believe this niche group will have much effect on ticket sales, the problem is that for the millions who didn't see "Interstellar" for any film school aesthetic reason, Nolan's ending will simply come off as so strange and obnoxiously far-fetched, that many may leave the theater angry that the punch-line wasn't worth the nearly three hour set up. The problem is... Stellar is so complex and confusing you are at the mercy of tying together so many scientific issues you get bogged down in the constant slow dialog and the dragging delivery of the twists and turns of what has got to be the most complex multi-plotted movie I've seen in years. I sensed "overkill" of some scenes that seemed constantly drawn out that if I had a remote I would have fast forwarded through many parts.

I am a big Sci-Fi movie lover and as such I will bring huge praise to the writers and producers of well made movies of this kind. Before going to see this much anticipated film that was given spectacular and high praise from several cites such as IMDb, I was dumbfounded by what appeared to be a movie almost impossible to find fault with in those reviews. Whats more this film was much too long (2 hrs 55 minutes) including previews of trailers. No human bladder should be put to such an ungodly test. Lastly I want to again point out that many reviews are suspect in this world of questionable truths of opinion. I sent to see Interstellar on Saturday night and have just spent 45 incredulous minutes reading the reviews. The film I went to see was dull, preposterous and far far far too long. Let's start with the idea. A good one but poorly displayed. I wanted to know more about how humanity was destroying the planet. All I got was old folk I am guessing talking about the duststorms of the 1920's and 1930's? Perhaps they were attempting to lay the foundation for the whole premise of the film? I also wanted to know more about Cooper but we didn't really see how he became a farmer other than the flashback at the start. When did his wife die? Why is his father in law living with him? Did we really get to understand the relevance of the droid they chased in the truck? Unfortunately most of the film is taken up with barely audible dialogue about scientific hypothesis and personal issues intertwined together. This made it very difficult to follow and the interest wanes as a result. BUT the biggest downfall of the film is Matt Damon. I am a fan off his but not in this. He is dreadfully miscast as the villain of the piece of sorts and that whole fight with Cooper and Ryan is poor. It is just not convincing at all and there is no suspense involved in the whole docking scene at all. Cooper just tells him not to dock as he hasn't got the codes but you never felt Ryan was in jeopardy. It was so poorly constructed. Overall vey similar to Inception in that it is at times visually stunning but rather like Inception it is style over substance. Beautiful to look at but like opening a strawberry cream in a box of Quality Street - very disappointing. And the title of my review? I am just a bit fed up that Nolan has made some fine early films and now nobody will criticise him? In The Emperors New Clothes nobody tells the Emperor he is wearing nothing until a little boy informs him. Somebody needs to tell Nolan that he needs to get back to crafting films full of suspense and not a plodding sci-fi full of characters you barely care about. That's the score from a group of 7 friends who went to see Interstellar tonight. I've never been to a film in my entire life so full of DESPAIR. If I hadn't been with friends I would have walked out! I will avoid films by this director in the future like the plague.

The only friend who liked it said she enjoys soap operas. That pretty much sums it up! IF YOU LIKE SOAP OPERAS YOU WILL LOVE INTERSTELLAR!

There are so many plot holes several of us were cracking jokes by the end of the movie. So many parts of Interstellar are so ridiculous or makes no sense -whatsoever- it borders on camp. Sure the cinematography is magnificent. But in the end it's nothing but pretty wallpaper when the story is drawn out, tedious, annoying, maudlin, nonsensical, irrelevant, dopey and depressing.

All I can say is when the only food humanity has left to eat is corn & corn products, then you are going to end up with a very corny movie! Once in a blue moon a movie like this comes along. This is the sort of film that makes me question the intelligence of those who like it. The only rational explanation that I can think of is that they know that it is allegedly scientifically sound (that is until the last half hour of the movie) and they don't want to come off as stupid when they say it was bad. I consider my self an intelligent person and it isn't that I didn't understand this film, it's that this film sucked.

The entire movie relies first of all on this ludicrous concept that if a man appears outside a military base saying he was sent by space aliens that they would let him man the most important mission in the history of mankind. I know that Michael Caine addressed the issue of them knowing about the strange gravity patterns but they could not possibly know enough to justify such an extreme action. Besides, he was supposed to be the best pilot in recent memory, why didn't they go to him.

The lunacy does calm down a bit. It is a film with a lot of flash and it is handled by Nolan well. It really is visually stunning and for the next ninety minutes or so we can look beyond the stiff dialogue or the cheesy plot jumps that dot the film but then comes the final thirty minutes when it all goes to HELL!!! What was up with that five dimensional time bookcase tunnel! What was up with that god awful line delivery (no tars, they aren't beings, they're us.) How does he instinctively know how to play with gravity in this tunnel. He heard the message already in the past so why does he think it will work now? And if the beings don't exist, who created this time tunnel, who took it apart, and when it does come apart how do they find him? Does the ship just move into the black hole and see him floating there? And about that black hole, I'm no physiologist but I did go to High School and isn't there a universally accepted phenomenon call spagetification? In short, this is a beautiful film marred by the absolute worst script of the twenty first century. If you don't speak English go see it, it's awfully pretty to look at, but if you do AVOID IT LIKE THE PLAGUE. Rarely do I see a movie that I want to forget. Even the bad ones are nice to be able to check off your list but this film makes me want to take a dust buster to my brain. I had high expectations for this film by Chris Nolan. "Inception" was ground breaking, you could definitely say it had never been 'done before' or seen that before! The pre release hype was strong for Interstellar and I really enjoy SF movies, so pass the popcorn!

SPOILERS: Firstly character wise...There is zero chemistry between Cooper and Dr. Brand! Yet in the end, we're being told/shown that there is/will be? Really?

Then Dr. Mann, he was asleep for years and when they wake him, they don't verify his claims? And his mental status? Why was he sent on this mission in the first place? And he easily removes the communication device from Cooper's helmet, and so on. Really cheesy and poorly written. Then he escapes in the craft to get to the Endurance, hello? No security protocols? It is so unbelievable.

Time flashbacks...Cooper can revisit time, so why not pick a time he can really affect? Maybe further back and even help to prevent the natural environmental breakdowns that Earth is experiencing in this story.

Robots...black monoliths...hello where have I seen that before? Is this the shape that a space exploration robot would be designed as? This was so silly I couldn't stop laughing!

Fuel: They have a limited supply! OMG! Ever hear of nuclear power like in a submarine, etc? Also I would expect them to have perfected nuclear fusion or such to provide unlimited (almost) power. But no, they use chemical rockets (technology from the 1940's). This was so poorly written.

Let's not forget 'Waterworld' even, when they land on the water planet. Gee, maybe a survey/probe first would be in order? And then the other planet, looked a lot like the ice world in the 'Star Trek' movie a few years ago where Jim Kirk is exiled to and meets Spock.

And the most bizarre of all? He gets coordinates of a TOP SECRET base and he's just the person they want to fly the spacecraft? And no one else could find this base? Did the workers there need food from local providers?

Anyways, you get my point, it is so disjointed and when you watch it, it is a melange of many previous movies, hence Heinz 57 varieties. It carries bits of '2001 A Space Odyssey' (and its sequels also) which is a natural one to look to. Then 'Contact' and many more...truly picking experiences from a bevy of SF movies and mixing them. At least they didn't have thruster sounds in space! (no sound in space, remember 'Aliens'? No one will hear you scream!)

Is this the best that Chris Nolan and Hollywood can come up with? No original screenwriter/story out there?

My final measurement of a film is will I buy the Blu-ray disc when it comes out? Nope, not for this extremely long and drawn out film. I might buy it in the cheapo bin for $3.99 in a few years time and watch it just for the extras/deleted scenes and then put it on the shelf to gather dust.

So just like in the movie, I was hoping for a worm hole to get to the end of this long drawn out tedium...but unfortunately for me, time was actually going to be moving much longer than normal time and I've lost 3 hours of my life I'll never get back. So terribly disjointed with decent actors trying to save it.

Unless you are starving for a SF movie, avoid this like a bad worm hole and keep your feet planted on terra firma. Folks, this is a really terrible movie and I would avoid it and save your money for something else. Yeah, that's about it. More using his balls than his brains, the lonely cow-boy finds his true mission, struggle and win against all enemies, even taming the black hole, saves the world and in the end leaves in the sunset to go back to the woman who's eagerly waiting for him.

People dare comparing this to "2001"? Yeah, it's long, like 2001, and spacey. But where 2001 is all in allusion and mystery, this movie explains laboriously again and again what's happening, just in case.

Most scenes are long. So long. The ships try docking and fail, again, and again, for long, long minutes. Stranded in inhospitable landscapes, they escape repeatedly each danger from the unknown (the huge wave, the slippery ice, the toxic atmosphere), so that even the most inattentive spectator gets it.

The acting is good, and images beautiful, therefore it deserves 3. This is the first and maybe last review I'll ever write. I'm writing it after seeing this movie for the third time and I feel that I'm ready to say that this it the best sci-fi movie of all time.

If cinema is to be included among the arts, then this is a timeless masterpiece to cherish and Nolan is the Michelangelo of this industry. Yes.... I like this movie quite a lot.... I love how the music and the sound design give me immersion to the full history of Interstellar, I simply love it so much, great experience to watch. By this point, Christopher Nolan became synonymous with thought provoking films l...and adding to his well established filmography is this brilliant magnum opus... beautifully concieved by the minds of Chris Nolan, his brother Jonathan Nolan and astrophysicist Kip Thorne, the science portrayed in this film (by this time proven to be plausible) along with the father daughter relationship combines to form a visual spectacle unlike any other... Highly recommend to watch it... This film gave a fresh new experience of a space flick. If you almost know nothing about space or stars,don't worry. For two reason: 1_this movie explains everything about them and describe what they are. 2_Interstellar doesn't only based on spatial,stars,blackholes,wormholes and the milkway. It actually based on romance and drama genre. It demonstrates distressing relationship between a father and his daughter. There are some astronauts who want save the world and figure out a new planet for living. Timeline,story,directing and specially it's music is strength of this movie. As i did , you probably go back and watch it again to discover what happened in the last part of it. Good luck and definitely see. So many feelings throughout this movie...The time concept was especially mind-breaking. Wonderfully written -- and finally not a trace of unnecessary romance to be found! This film kept my attention the whole time, I was hesitant to even move during some parts. Amazing soundtrack and visuals. 10/10 I was extremely lucky to get the chance to see this film upon its first day release, before entering the cinema, my expectations were already high, after all, this was a film from the cinematic genius who brought us the likes of 'Inception' and 'The Dark Knight', to summarise the following review in a single sentence: I left the cinema in extreme awe from the visual masterpiece I had just viewed. A film that explores the psychological and emotional state of a man whose life revolves around his family, 'Interstellar' is a thrilling and thought-provoking film that boasts an intellectual story masterfully written by the Nolan brothers. Whilst there seems to have been influence from films like '2001: A Space Odyssey' and 'Apollo 13', 'Interstellar' is unique in its own way. Whilst the subject may be hard to comprehend at times, it can't be denied how visually monumental and thoughtful Christopher Nolan's epic science fiction masterpiece is, and can easily be named the best film of this year and possibly one of the greatest science fiction films to have ever graced the screen. A sheer brilliant feat of cinema. I first saw Interstellar when i was 14. I did'nt have a clue what i was watching . Fast forward to 2018 I watched it and kinda liked it , yet i could only make up some of it . So , I started watching it again & again & again till I had no idea that I had already seen it 14 times consectively . It all makes sense now . This film is one of the most scientifically acurate ( tho science fiction ) and enough to bring a person to tears. I can't really put into words how much this movieeans to me. Less than 10 stars is unrealistic. One of the best movies ever. Missing Interstellar in theaters is the biggest regret of my life. Classic is a small word to describe this everlasting cult. If I went to tesseract the first thing I do is to make myself experiencing Interstellar (2014) in theaters. Dear moviebuffs, please don't miss this once in a lifetime experience, watch it without break and volume at maximum. And then thank Mr. Nolan and the whole cast & crew for their priceless work. The best movies make you feel something. What this movie did to me was crazy. It made me feel love, hate, hope, sadness, all at the same time. A true masterpiece. I find it hard to articulate how powerful this film is and how it effects me. Chris Nolan has set the bar higher than he did on 'Inception'. The story is based on probable science , with help from Kip Thorne. The cast is perfect. Matthew McConaughy as the former pilot and everyman' who is battling a desire to do what he is destined to do . Fly an outerspace mission or stay on a dying world and looking after his kids. Nolan regular Michael Caine , Jessica Chastain , Timothee Chalamet and Anne Hathaway round out the main cast. The surprise packet is young Mackenzie Foy who's daughter /father relationship drives the emotional side of the film. The robot TARS was my favourite character in the film. He was the humour and he shows human quality when all seems lost. Hans Zimmer's score maybe the best he's EVER done! Pulsating and driving and plays on the heart strings like no other score I can remember. Through the nearly 3 hours I was on the edge of my seat following the crews every move and all the while following the seemingly doomed mankind on earth. It's hard to go into specific parts of the film without spoilers. I laughed , Cried and cheered with jubilation throughout. An instant 10/10 that gets better on viewing. I can't stress how much I recommend this film. Drop what you're doing!! Interstellar is one of those movies you can watch over and over and still get a new appreciation for the film. I love Nolan's films. He is arguably my favorite film writer and director. Even though this is a science fiction movie, it feels very real. Nolan has such a talent for making his films seem real. Deep space Exploration is just around the corner in real life, but Nolan gives us the most realistic look at it in this film. As always, Nolan does an amazing job at putting together a terrific cast, special effects and takes you on the most incredible adventure that is out of this world. Interstellar is one film you have to see, even if you are not a big science fiction fan. The ending is worth the watch. The vast amount of space is always been intriguing and waiting to be discovered. This movie dives deep into these ideas and gives a complex and adventurous route through time and space. Open your mind sit back and enjoy a good movie. Love saved the universe. Love. I'm fine with the idea of love being a powerful emotion, but as a sci-fi, especially a quite serious one with well-respected scientist as it's scientific advisor, it is quite cringy to have personal love as core of human survival in a cruel universe. In the near future, the planet Earth is disintegrating environmentally. A team of astronauts explore outer space to check if there is another planet where Earth's remaining inhabitants can be transported in order to survive.

The first half of the film is fascinating. It has great ideas about what the future might be like considering the current levels of greed and over-population. There is also much adventure in the space mission and the right amount of sentiment of a family being separated. Matthew McConaughey shows brilliance and depth in a scene where he quietly shows how much he misses his loved ones. Playing his school-age daughter, Mackenzie Foy is no slouch either.

The second half is interesting at best; muddled, too busy and overlong at worst. There is also a major characters whose fate is left unknown to the point of almost being trivialized.

The movie is good in many ways but had the potential to be more. I'm slowly losing count of how many times I've seen this movie. It was.....filled with pure emotion. It feels real because this could happen to Earth one day, considering we're not making too much progress on protecting it and it might just turn on us one day. The acting is brilliant, the dialogues are well thought through, the visuals are beyond stunning and LOVE GOES ACROSS SPACE AND TIME. There wasn't a time where this movie didn't make me cry. Even if I know what will happen I simply can't help it. It's just one of those movies. It leaves me in a totally another dimension. Even if you don't like sci-fi this movie cannot leave you emotionless. I can confidently say this is my favourite, and I've watched a lot of movies. A masterpiece. Thank you Nolan, thank you for this. I was blown away by this film, the sound, the music, the experience!! It was amazing but I couldn't recreate it at home, I feel sorry for anyone who didn't see this at the cinema, it was just amazing and spun me right out in such a good way! Well, it did go on too long, but I enjoyed the relationships of the fathers and daughters displayed and the black hole he was experiencing that showed various time lines of his past in a sort of rubix cube overhead shot. It dragged on the one ice planet that makes them age by 7 years every hour. I also didn't think it had an ending. It kind of stopped. 2001 is my all time favorite movie Blade Runner is one of my all time favourites too I pretty much loved all Nolan's movies except for the Dark Knight Rises So, theoretically this should have been a great time and great movie... it wasn't The story, the science, the pace where all wrong in so many ways. I even gave the movie a second chance at home, but things just didn't improve I just can't believe this has such a high rating, it just doesn't deserve it Lots of beautiful visuals to look at, but a completely unbelievable story line including just about every cliché you can think of: - Just before the film started, we were talking about how many movies started with a hero that has some kids in a distressed situation as it seems like this is a must nowadays to add emotional depth to the hero. Within minutes, this film starts with the hero whose wife died of cancer so he now has to raise the kids. - A drone from India flies over, hero grabs his laptop and takes over command of the drone in seconds. Sure. - All of this while driving full speed straight through a corn field, without the slightest bump. Sure. - The wind blows some dust into a room. Hero stares at is, understands it is a binary code of the coordinates of a top secret Nasa base. - Upon entering the base, he meets the beautiful and smart daughter of the professor. Of course that becomes the predictable love affair, but of course she is first difficult to get and of course the hero first has to save her life at least once. - They blow up half of their space station with an enormous explosion, but no problem, just continue flying with the other half. - Earth needs to manipulate gravity to save humanity. No problem, just fly through a black hole and you will automatically gain any knowledge needed. - But wait, they still have to transfer that knowledge to Earth. The only way to do that is to have the hands of an old watch sway up and down in a Morse code because that watch has a love connection to hero's daughter. And with love you can do what all your technology cannot. (Here goes all your respect for this film using believable technology.) - After years in space, the hero is saved with just a few minutes oxygen left.

Altogether it seems that Nolan fans have pumped up the score of this film far beyond a reasonable score. It was so boring! It was 3 hours long and nothing was interesting....... Do not bother watching it. You will be disappointed!!!!!!!!! In the end it was kind of interesting,but to get to the end u had to get through 2 hours of really boring content..... The scenario though makes sense and was new. I liked the space theme,but the fact that it was so boring made me despise this movie in general.... In conclusion it is a pretty bad movie, boring ,uninteresting and I will NEVER watch it again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!In my opinion you shouldn't see it either. It is a waste of time. I hope you take this review seriously and not rage with it! Unfortunately, Interstellar in another Sci-Fi movie that failed to make a consistent clever scenario with good scientific related dialogues that make sense and do not try to impress the audience with wambly bubbly magical solutions and unreal metaphysics. The dialogues are stupid as hell, the events are complete unrealistic and unclever (and unoriginal).

The idea and the graphic are very good but as I pointed before this movie suffers from the Pop Sci-Fi syndrome plus the need of Hollywood to have a protagonist-hero style-ultra soldier patriot who stupidly takes the solution to himself (like the scene who rides the spaceship without the auto-pilot or the fact the NASA put his hope into a guy who just showed up in his secret door etc...). Everything around Matthew McConaughey it's so boring cliché and shallow for such a budget movie.

The 5/10 is a reflection of a nice idea plus the work of the CGI and the physicists who worked to make the simulations for the ultra-realist black holes. Interesting set up introduces us to a disintegrating near-future world. There's an intriguing reference to re-writing history, along the lines of Capricorn 1, where planetary exploration is faked in a film studio. McConaughey is the astronaut turned farmer who takes a circuitous, and somewhat unlikely, route back to being a rocket man. Interstellar tries to get the science right but quantum physics doesn't make for the best dialogue. Neither are helped by dropping the spoken track way down in the sound mix. McConaughey's tendency to speak through gritted teeth doesn't help either. Although it looks great and is often very imaginative, the film takes too much time exploring dead ends and detours. At times, it felt a bit like a very long trailer for a very epic series. And it really does seem very long, without ever settling on a unified theme. The time anomaly aspects were good, but too much time was spent getting there. the movie has its good points but I'd have spent a line or two to involve the rest of the world in this global matter. I kept having the feeling that saving the whole world was only up to NASA and USA, while the rest of the world was sitting in the dust waiting for good old America to save them. Then, if the Earth is trying to get rid of humans because of their improvident behavior, what about to stop growing mono-crops and using pesticides and herbicides? If corn is the only cereal left on Earth, eat something else, like wild grass, fruit, roots... but no, everything but don't ask me to drop out of the American way! I rather leave my family behind and face the unknown but don't ask me to give up on my porch-drinking and intensive farming. Sound - 1/2 - The score is bombastic, and the dialog is occasionally hard to hear.

Acting/Characterization - 1/2 - McConaughey has the rebel cowboy act down pat but is a little less credible as a scientifically-minded father. The other characters are undeveloped and exist to represent specific ideas.

Script/Writing - 0/2 - The script is a hodgepodge of corny tag lines and poorly executed themes.

Visuals - 2/2 - The fate of humanity apparently rests on the colonization of bleak planets in bleak space, but at least there are cool wormholes, black holes, and baseball fields.

Concept (Plot/Theme) - 1/2 - Interstellar deserves at least one point for ambition and creativity, but too many questionable plot developments are thrown together, and the film does not seem to commit to any of its ideas or themes, though some, such as time dilation, are certainly fascinating. When not confounded by possible paradoxes or superficial musings on love, one is left to question the viability of an anti-intellectual society portrayed with such unexplained cynicism, as well as the human imperative to survive on other planets when the species is apparently inclined to destroy its own natural habitat.

Total Score - 5/10

Gut Feeling - 6/10 - For a film espousing the virtues of love and exploration, Interstellar has little emotional resonance. Plotwise, it's a memorable mess.

Final Average - 5.5/10 Interstellar (2014): Dir: Christopher Nolan / Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Matt Damon, Michael Caine: The future looks grim with sand storms destroying everything and corn pretty much the only thing growing. As with Inception, Christopher Nolan toys with the theme of time. This time a farmer and pilot, played by Matthew McConaughey leaves his young son and daughter with their grandfather and then leads an expedition to space through a worm hole. This is in hopes of finding planets to colonize on. Unfortunately complication arise when McConaughey discovers that his son and daughter are now grown adults in the span of a few hours that he was on the first planet, surfaced mainly of water. Watching someone be subdued with grieving regret while his children rapidly grow old is very depressing. It lends the idea of valuing time spent with loved ones. McConaughey is caught in such a dilemma and hopes that his daughter is bright enough to figure it all out. Anne Hathaway plays the daughter of the scientist heading the research, and who joins McConaughey on the mission. Jessica Chastain plays the now grown daughter, stubborn, determined, and clever to boot. Matt Damon plays an astronaut revived from hyper sleep on an ice planet with a secret mission of his own. Michael Caine plays the scientist heading the research that might outlive him. This is hardly an uplifting experience but it contains Nolan's signature curiosity of time. Glorious special effects are out of this world creating what science only dreams of. Score: 8 / 10  This review is negative. Sorry, but as much as I like sci-fi I could not like this movie except for a little. The back and forth scenes between the farm and space and the concept of the black hole is confusing to me and my wife (who is not a fan of sci-fi but watched it with me anyway). The biggest negative is the loudness of the music which over-rode the actors voices so that neither my wife or I could hardly understand what the actors were saying. Matthew McConaughey seems to speak in a whisper anyway. We did like the actors who played in the movie but again the loudness of the music detracted immensely from the enjoyment of seeing it. I went into this film expecting great things, especially with Christopher Nolan's film Inception being one of the best films put to screen in recent years it's just a shame that it felt like someone filmed a glacier. You watch on in awe of the visuals before you and the way it's been filmed draws you into the people there and you wonder what it would be like to see what they did for yourself. However with the lovely scenery and the brilliant score your friend had made for the home movie you forget that it's just a glacier. It may be huge but it's moving really slowly, at at times you feel like you didn't have to actually watch parts of the film because you know you wouldn't miss anything. Then once it finally pushes its way to where it is heading bits of it begin to fall off, the ending is interesting but eventually the initial feeling just melts away into a large pool of cold and clear water.The closest film that I could possibly compare this to is perhaps 2001:A Space Odyssey, but I feel as though I actually got something out of watching 2001, where as with Interstellar it just felt empty. Despite this, I think it's a must watch for fans of space, science, and scale. I was ready to like this film, given his work on The Dark Knight, Memento and Inception. Of course, I was worried about the casting - McConaughey doesn't belong in an intelligent sci-fi, and Hathaway should only appear in movies doing a bad English accent in a lush period drama, but I was hoping for he best.

SO we get McConaughey mumbling for literally the first hour, during the course of which almost nothing at all happens. It's so bad you have to turn the sound up. And then of course we meet Hathaway, who is to acting what Genghis Khan was to community relations. And then, implausibly, we see them sent up in a rocket to save the planet, which is followed by some nice visuals and ludicrous plotting before the end which is almost as bad as Bobby Ewing waking up in a shower. SO it was predictable, absurd, and poorly acted which leads to the question why are people falling over themselves to say how great it is? I suspect it's because McConaghey is the man of the moment, and Nolan considered a genius. Which people think mean they can do no wrong.

Which is a disappointing conclusion to reach. STAY - away from this movie. If you really want to scare yourself, watch it, and realize how many people gave this bizarre rubbish a 10. It scares me to wonder what is going on inside their heads - if they aren't paid to pump the film.

I am a sci fi fan, and watch many, sometimes multiple times. I also enjoy many types of movies, and try to find something decent in a film. The best I can say of this movie is that those responsible must have some sort of brain damage. The plot is ridiculous, the science is ridiculous, the acting and script are ridiculous, etc. The movie itself is untrue to itself - is it scifi? Is it action adventure? Is it moralizing? Is it a love story, or a daddy daughter flick? What the heck? the technical references are all over the place. Zero consistency. Scenes in the movie for no plausible reason - why did the truck get a flat tire? Just so the kid could say "that is the spare"? But then - next scene - a 5 minute high speed chase through cornfields - on the same flat tire? HELLO!!!!!!! Then the girl pilots a drone with daddies homebrew laptop? And lands it safely on a sloped hill - first try!? HELLO!!!!!! If the crops are dieing from "blight" - what the heck are the dust storms for? One could write pages and pages on what is wrong with this movie. It is disturbingly horrible. Scene after disconnected scene of just silliness.

This movie should be used as s study case for how mot to make a movie. So, the big movie of the year...The big "thinker", even came up on 9Gag asking is this possible. I got excited. Oh boy,was I wrong...

The movie is just terrible, they are just throwing that space terminology around like potatoes and people think: yea this is smart movie, very insightful and out of the box thinking and smart and Stephen Hawking theory-like way of describing something. The people that say-it is great and I got the movie- are just arrogant 323i4h5 trying to look intelligent. A lot of corners left for questioning and I hate the movie where I watch and ask out loud Why The duck did you do that or why the duck didn't you say that when it is obvious it needs more explaining.

It all is based on us accepting some facts that they say in the movie only because they use few scientific concepts like neutron stars, spinning black holes, and time dilation. But the rest is just pure guessing and in a bad way.

Looks like Nolan wanted to try and give it a shot and in 100 years if he got it right people will say-yea there was some guy Nolan the producer and he was talking about this in the 2015...but I doubt it...

I gave review for only two movies on IMDb- this one and Batman Dark knight rises..both same crap

or maybe I am just oblivious and dumb for all of the people giving 8.8 on IMDb... It was awful, absolutely pointless. Without any drama that we can expect from this kind of directors, Nolan tried to make you excited by visual effect and music but these tricks! also doesn't work. We can clearly see everything comes from market: last year Gravity made and worked and Matthew McConaughey comes to media because of one successful series and film and today these two come together for more profit, or to just save the humanity :)) It's very funny and this film received high points because it can't even entertain you. I think generally saving the world idea like this film is bullshit and wasting the time but i diet think that it can be successful jet in box office like this. Don't waste your time and don't engage in fake world. Interesting in parts, but I aged 23 years watching it. Derivative of many other films including Contact, 2001, Forbidden Planet, Signs and most egregiously North by Northwest. Worst score in recent memory. Also, some of the special effects are pretty lame--all too obvious when models are being used. Gravity was much more visually arresting. Way too many close up horror expressions. The universe is supposed to be filled by interstellar gas, which must be true, given so much gassy dialog. Nolan manages to work in the Do Not Go Gently Into That Good night poem not once, but four times (look for the last time on a plague at the end. I felt like I could not miss this movie, especially since it is going to be part (a huge part) of the next Oscars night. I've never been a fan of Nolan's, from his Memento, to Inception: Interstellar could have been the movie that could just change my mind. Nope. It didn't happen. It's not easy to review this movie, it's like a big puzzle which screen-players turned it into a big mess. It alternates some visually strong scenes, to some absolutely cheap ones. The dialogues: 3/10 were brilliant, the rest were almost senseless and useless; the movie reaches some high emotive peaks, but again, I'm not fully convinced: they wanted to make audience cry, it tastes like a cheap trick. Matthew McCounaghey is fabulous, as always. The rest of the cast is under expectations. Michael Caine, C. Affleck, A. Hathaway, Jessica Chastain. Maybe it's not their fault: maybe it's just their characters, who are emptier than my pockets right now. I've a suggestion for all of yours dear readers: go watching Moon, avoid Interstellar. And if you really want to feel what's Interstellar like, add to your watch-list (together with Moon), "Click". Yes, you read it well. Feeling very disappointed given all the hype and rave reviews. What a bunch of utter pseudo-scientific crap! The so-called "scientific advisors" must live in a parallel universe with completely different laws of nature. The characters are as flat as two-dimensional entities. The only realistic holes are not wormholes nor black holes but the gaping holes in the storyline. How come Hollywood these days always seems to take fascinating science fiction-themes and mangle them into some commercial junk that is all about fiction and has not the slightest thing to do with science? Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey" is still light years ahead of the rest of the pack, almost 50 years since that brilliant film was created. Don't waste your money on this farce but buy a good book instead and create your own space-time adventure on your comfortable couch at home. I found this movie to be overly long, full of itself, endlessly oppressive, virtually humorless, and overall not worth your time. That's my summary, but, in order to add IMDb's required 10 lines: On the plus side, it was well made, so it does draw you in. But the long scenes in space juxtaposed with the ugly scenes on earth were just too much for me to watch. I eventually sat with my eyes closed so as not to continue to be bombarded by those scenes (I didn't want to leave as I had gone with others), and, eventually covered my ears for the same reason. The scenes may be beautifully shot, but they are, in the end, very slow and boring. This film should have been half the length and have added twice as much lightness. I think I watched the same film as all the others on here that disliked it. I enjoyed the cinematography and the effects but there is really nothing else about this film I can say I liked.

I think Matthew McConaughey is a great character actor but in this film he just didn't fit, for me. His voice, stance, mannerisms all seem out of place. Like he just didn't care and wanted the paycheck. Not that all the blame for the bad film can be put on his shoulders. The rest of the cast, all but a small few of them, just weren't entertaining.

From the maker of Inception I expected more. What I got was nearly 3 hrs of not a very good film.

3/10 for the visuals. That's all I got. Disappointed. I knew nothing about Interstellar other than the basic premise, and the name of a film's director is of little interest to me i.e. I know who the good directors are, but their name on the credits doesn't set my expectations at any level.

I just want a good plot, good acting, and something to take away and think about when the credits roll.

I got none of that with this sorry excuse for a sci-fi film.

From corn fields to a worm hole? with nothing much in between? Really? Anyway, I thought CASE and TARS were straight out of Minecraft... and so was the whole premise of Interstellar. A nothing sort of movie that leaves the viewer with nothing of substance.

Motorcycle, meet shark! Actually, just take the shark from the tank and slap Christopher Nolan across the face with it.

The 9 and 10 star reviews here truly mystify me... The good: The creative design of their robot +1

the visuals of the water-planet

maybe the ice-planet as well

+1

Things that made this film bad:

All the scenes that did not add anything to the story, including the very slow start.

The sabotaging behavior of Matt Damon, was just added to make drama. From the moment Matt attacked Matthew, I knew the movie was bad.

That the crew members would believe Matt's description of the planet is unlikely. The planet was visibly frozen

It will always be pointless to reach the center of a black hole, since it would mean certain death. They tried to describe it as a necessary sacrifice, but the thinking behind was just nonsense.

I have no Idea what they tried to illustrate as happening in the black hole. There are no books to be found in a black hole. Timetravel backwards in time is impossible.

The excessive use soundtrack music and unnecessary loud music.

The plot overall was far from something that could have happened in reality. Science Fiction is not an excuse for lazy writing and sloppy direction.

Starts off showing flowing fields of thriving green vegetation – constantly bombarded by massive dust storms and yet continues to grow and thrive. Then, we are supposed to believe that a drone – one that can fit in the back of a pickup truck has enough solar cells to power 'an entire farm.'

After that, Jonathan Nolan and Christopher Nolan (Screenplay) expect us to believe that a retired NASA pilot, who never left Earth orbit and survived crashing his orbital spacecraft, is more experienced to go on an interstellar voyage than the astronauts that have studied and prepared for the voyage. Okay, I'll admit this one is possible, but not likely.

The first planet they decide to visit – the one so close to a black hole it has significant time dilation – the one covered in water and deluged with huge waves every hour, (one of which destroyed the original exploration spacecraft and killed the pilot – not detected by the spacecraft instruments, by the way) is a prime candidate for colonization.

Then, when the next huge wave arrives, Christopher Nolan (Director) makes us watch as one of the astronauts stands by the spacecraft door for several seconds (plenty of time to get in the spacecraft) watching the wave approach and is washed away. Why did he stand around waiting outside the spacecraft in the first place! Nonsensical!

The next thing the Nolan brothers expect us to believe is that an astronaut who volunteered for what was probably a one-way mission suddenly goes crazy, becomes a coward, falsifies data, and turns into a murderer! Were his rescuers going to leave him on the planet to die after they found out the planet was uninhabitable! Don't think so!

Later, this same coward astronaut decides to take a chance and risk his life opening the spacecraft hatch after warnings that doing so would cause a blowout. I guess we supposed to believe he is that crazy! The story was initially promising, but after mission start of the film had unfortunately many lengths, it would have been better to put this place 2h 3h.

The whole film has somehow worked very pieced together ...

The SciFi ideas were sometimes quite OK, but not consistent. In Star Trek z. B. the makers have previously carefully considered to create a coherent picture to. In this film, here it creates the rocket spaceship with his ridiculous drive to escape the pull of the black hole ...

The special effects were on the level of 90 years ... since I've been hoping for much more. I went because of the extremely good reviews on IMDb in this film and am just disappointed ... Do not believe the reviews... This does not come close to an all time great movie. I really question someone that gives this movie a good review it's completely too long and filled with holes, in noway does it come close to connecting any dots. The only reason I went to see this movie is because of the 9.1 rating at the time but my first instinct was correct this movie is not worth watching ever.... Maybe if they shaved 1 hour off but as is... Stay away

After watching this movie I felt compelled to open an IMDb account and review my first movie ever because of these reviews that are complete nonsense. I never really felt much interested in Interstellar because I'm pretty bored with Christopher Nolan now. His films are getting increasingly more epic and complex but at the same time, predictable. I just feel I know exactly what I am going to get so don't have any inclination to watch his films.

But, stuck for something to watch this weekend, we gave it a go.

The last 20 minutes were a bit of an emotional roller coaster (despite what seemed like a few plot holes and inconsistencies, which I need to look into in case I just didn't get it). But it did not make up for the rest of the film, which I found not only boring but irritating.

Most of the film I felt was unwatchable because Matthew McConaughey (an over-rated actor whom I don't like anyway) mumbles his way through the entire performance, meaning I had to turn the volume up high to hear what he was saying. However, there are frequent bursts of extremely loud music, far far louder than necessary and since the volume is up high to compensate for mumbling, it constantly suddenly gets too loud to comfortably watch. I had to sit through the whole film with the remote control at the ready, adjusting the volume up and down for the whole duration. When viewing the IMDb boards I can see this is a common problem and it has even been up for discussion in the newspapers. Now, whether Nolan intended this anomaly or not I don't care, it made the film irritating and difficult to watch.

Apart from that, I found the whole thing dull. The characters were dull, the storyline was dull and I do not have the desire to watch this film ever again so it has no repeat-viewing value. I created this profile just to warn other innocent viewers to steer clear of this monumentally boring, confused and improbable story.

SPOILERS AHEAD!

This is THE suspension of disbelief movie, if you like the concept, you've found your turkey. The movie begins with an unbelievable future America that is turning into a dust-bowl. The US has no more armed forces, we are told (This is like asking us to believe America will one day move to Mongolia) and the only crop left is corn, acres and acres of it. Perhaps this explains why the whole movie is so corny.

The hero lives with his daughter and son and father in a farm, which is "haunted" (books fall off shelves). One day, they are driving their pickup when they get a flat tire, and immediately upon this an Indian??air force drone flies by and they chase it to retrieve its solar cells - flat tire notwithstanding - through miles and miles of corn. This event has NOTHING to do with the rest of the story and is never mentioned again.

Then they go to his children's school, where he's told his son is not smart enough to become an engineer, just a farmer, but his daughter is very smart. Uh.

When they get home, the "ghost" has attracted the crop machinery back to his house (and drops a few books too). But wait, he soon realizes (just how is not very clear) that it is not a ghost but a GRAVITATIONAL wave transmitting coordinates in Morse code???

He drives with daughter at night to the coordinates and TA-DA! They have found what's left of NASA! Scientists have secretly known that soon even corn will die and are preparing A) A giant space station where ALL of mankind can go (all 7 billion of us...sure) or B)A space incubator that will restart human population on another world. Of course, as we all know, this is far simpler than protecting crops or altering them genetically.

Oh yes, and they want our hero to fly the spaceship to other potentially habitable worlds. Did I mention that some mysterious unbelievably advanced aliens who want to help us have conveniently created a huge plot hole, I mean, worm hole, near Saturn, and that this wormhole can be navigated through to another galaxy? (Don't ask me which). Of course, as we all know, placing wormholes around Saturn is far simpler than protecting Earth's crops.

And so off they go, not before some of the corniest scenes of "Daddy don't leave me", literally smack in the middle of corn, but the plot (or whatever this is) must go on.

They hibernate through 2 years of space travel to Saturn (at this point I was seriously considering hibernating myself) and when they get there, they dive into the friendly plot hole, I mean, wormhole, at the other end of which they must choose between 3 planets (they had already sent 3 explorers ahead, one to each planet).

The first one is covered in waist-deep water, with HUGE swells the size of mountains, that never break, in defiance of the laws of physics. The explorer they sent ahead is dead (from boredom I guess). Oh yes, and because it's close to the plot-hole time passes very fast on it, one hour is like 7 years back on Earth. A truly enticing candidate to colonize.

The second planet is icy, and they awaken the 2nd explorer, who has lied to them, sent false data, they find out the planet is uninhabitable, but he wanted someone to come rescue him, and then tries to kill everyone in order to save the mission. Wait, you did not understand his logic? Neither did I.

Of course, probes and remote sensors are not part of this movie's universe, you have to personally LAND on a planet to see that it's deep frozen in ammonia or has moving mountains of water every 5 minutes.

Then they get back to the station - oh yes, by this time 2 or 3 astronauts have died - I do not remember for sure, as they were as expendable as fuel and as captivating as corn.

In the end, he sends the girl astronaut to the last planet - which might mean her death, but hey he wants to be chivalrous - and dives into the plot hole - I mean, black hole - to see what's inside it. Finally....TA- DA! We see what's inside the black hole: A library! His house's library room, where he can see his daughter, and he tries to contact her to tell her that gravity can bend time, and with this solve the Earth's problems!

But since she cannot hear him (the scenes are ridiculous, he floats behind the bookshelves, I half expected him to put his head among the books and shout "Peek-a-boo" to her at any moment) he has to send her the information through...Morse code!

Get it? HE was the ghost all along, through the power of corn, I mean, the power of love! She figures it out, because her old watch's hand is trembling (A sensible and very logical conclusion) and cries EUREKA! and saves the day!

Well, after this rigmarole noodly black hole, I mean, plot hole, in the end he is saved, he is now in the future, meets his dying old daughter, and she tells him to go back to meet the girl astronaut in the 3rd planet she is.

And all this circumvented, confusing, over-corny plot-hole-ridden monstrous nonsense is told in such a slurred, corny, slow agonizing rhythm at least THIS part works, you actually believe the black hole can really slow down time - because the film lasts 3 hours, but feels more like 20.

Good points? The movie ends. It takes forever, but it ends. OK, I was fooled by both some of the reviews and the high score, and I wasted about 3 hours of my life sitting in the cinema...

I can't say I'm a sci-fi lover, but if films like Blade Runner only get 8.2, then this one should get 4-5... I watched Gone Girl the other day which is so much better than this one, both in pacing and plot and that film only get 8.4...how can this one get 9?!

Another thing is, the ending is too predictable and too sweet!!! Happy ending is good, people love things that make them happy, but in reality there never has a perfect ending like that....the ending seems too sweet for me and some people are spoiled by these good endings.

Also don't understand why made the brother a completely fool?! He seems has nothing to do with everything?! A contrast? To what? and the film never mentioned him after the girl (sorry I even don't remember their names) find out the secret, which doesn't make sense to me...

Anyway, I'm disappointed and I don't want t say more about this film, I fell asleep several times due to that horrible pacing...I can't believe a film could be sooooo long which almost becomes a torture for me... Somewhere on the path to juxtaposing the story of the imminent death by starvation of humanity on Earth against a desperate search for a new planetary home (hopefully to not similarly despoil), the authors of "Interstellar" forgot to consider the audience and instead created a far too long, far too arcane and far too pet film. "Interstellar" is a kissin' cousin to the equally pet, pseudo mind-blowing, con man sleight-of-hand "Inception."

A bitter taste is left in the mouth by a self-satisfied script constantly trumpeting a specialness that, alas, is not at all special.

Audiences have been beat to death by the tropes, plot elements and dialogue seen so many times before. For example, the "Pursued By Demons Retired ______ Forced Back Into Service" trope.

Women, as in most films, are relegated to the back of the bus. When will writers and filmmakers wake up to the richness in woman's hearts and minds - even a cold scientist's ticker and noggin?

Face-down-death awaits the character with the fewest lines and closeup. (Much like the Bic 'Red Shirts' in "Star Trek" you knew would never make it to the end credits.)

An intelligent young woman becomes hysterical because Daddy's leaving, yet her intellect does not grasp his mission is important: To save her and the rest of the world. Beside, Daddy didn't explain, at least not on camera.

Matt Damon resurrects from hypersleep to wreak havoc as in the hackneyed "Don't Astronauts on "The Twilight Zone" Pass Basic Psych Tests?" plot element.

Don't forget the Dead Wife and Wise Grandpa tropes.

Wonder is non-existent. That's quite a feat as few films have led us through a wormhole. "Black Hole" did a better job. At least the mysterious passage in Disney's opus didn't suggest injection into a globule borrowed from the coda of "2001: A Space Odyssey." (Also cobbed from Kubrick's masterpiece are the more human than humans (articulated) computers.)

Cinematic corn served warm with a schmear of butter is quite delicious. Corn served cold by trying-too-hard actors sittin' on the porch waxin' philosophical is a dish best passed to the person sitting on your right.

There are nonsensical interviews of dust storm survivors who describe what the special effects department has just shown. There's no lack of understanding why the run time is 169 minutes. The dogged determination to not self-edit and lose script pages underscores either Nolan's lack of being a good audience or not caring about audiences - the latter a quality indicative of too many contemporary filmmakers.

The ending leads to head scratching that, in another film, would elicit laughs from the audience. Poltergeists my patootie!

"Interstellar" veers uncomfortably close to complete train wreck, but there are a few nice touches. While derivative, the articulated computers are cool. That mankind can solve mankind's problems without an advanced alien intelligence, God or other deus ex machina is the one original idea - and it's a good one.

Save very few elements to recommend it, "Interstellar" is a really, really long bore pretending importance. There's nothing worse than films of that ilk. It was..... Okay at BEST!

Better wait for the Redbox version than it would be worth the money; I guess!

Definitely not worth a Theater viewing; IMAX or NOT.

It just wasn't that good.

It was just Slow; Intense; Sometimes Predictable.

Than the ultimate Book Shelf Stupid scene; REALLY!! Son, in his 20s fell asleep a number of times.

I am in my 50s; started to get sleepy.

I say again, if you want to see it wait for the video to come out Went in to see this film this afternoon and had high hopes. After an hour in I realised that I nearly nodded off twice as the music score playing over the beginning quarter of the film was sleep inducing to say the least. It didn't help that not one of the characters was engaging in anyway possible, especially Matthew McConaughey's drawling southern accent.

It seem to take an age for anything to happen in the film, and finally when there was some movement, director Nolan slows everything back down to a snail's pace.

I'm not saying the film was ridiculous as it is purely science fiction which I normally enjoy, but this was a challenge for me to stay till the end of the film ,-( two gents in the theatre walked out just over an hour in and never came back), I unfortunately didn't have the hindsight to do the same, otherwise I would have got over three hours of my life back to watch two good films.

When the film is released on DVD/BR, I hope they have a cut that last's about 1hour and 20m which should make it an entertaining film without the huge unnecessary spongy filling. Just don't watch it, the movie has plot that has been in some muddle pud for a 3 hours, star trek hologram episodes have more sense than this movie. It's an 3 hour cryfest, no sense, its not even visually good...ugh I want my time back. One of the worst movies ever definitely and anyone who says different is lying himself then you. This movie has more holes than Swiss cheese, even Prometheus has more logic than this. Not to mention those "ghost whisperer" scenes, holy god that is so boring. Drama is expected every 5 minutes...every 5 minutes somebody cries. There is 5 minutes of action, everything else is just explosion noise and crying and crying and crying and crying. Just plain horrible. Mormons have more logic than this movie. Its very difficult to explain the quality of an extremely good movie when you have so much interest in the subject. So I'm just saying: my review is based on the fact that i like space movies that forces us to think about whats out there.

Its been 3 days since i watched interstellar and i still think about the amazing visuals, but most likely the storyline. The same as inception, this director creates a visual image that is so extremely close to my own imagination. But he actually puts it on a screen for me to enjoy? Thats just in word: unbelievable.

This 3 hour journey takes you from a to z and it doesn't skip anything. Just when you think, they are probably not going to continue on this subject.. They do. You will get all your answers, in sometimes a difficult way.

The lead actor shows a extreme amount of passion that really helps with the emotions on some points. I see this movie win more awards because its complete and i do not see that you should have shortened it, made it longer, have another interstellar or so on. Its done and its really good.

I have to say that i noticed that a lot of people that review this movie expected things that they claimed was in the trailer or should have been in the movie. Like an alien race? I never got this from the trailer or any storyline. Also if you expect this movie to be fighting and alien wars i would understand you write a bad review, because this movie is not about that.

Go to this movie with one simple thought: i have no idea what I'm about the see. I'm just going to enjoy this ride.

10 out 10. I'm not giving this like candy bars. If Memento was ambiguous, if The Prestige was smart, if Inception was deceiving, if The Batman Trilogy was a revelation, then Interstellar is hope-giving, inspiring, levitating, flabbergasting and more... It's a roller-coaster ride of transcendental thought process. Time as a relative theory, astrology as a whole, time-travel and lot other high level thinking is mandatory to go about the narration of this movie when our very little brain cells have a tough time differentiating between just a movie being watched in a cinema hall or being part of a galactic expedition.

Interstellar is a science-fiction movie about a group of space travelers on a picaresque journey across the wormhole to find a habitable planet other than earth. Sounds familiar? We've had Blade Runner, A Space Odyssey, Contact or the recent Gravity along with numerous other ambitious takes on such top level prophecies, but what makes Interstellar a suffocating, impactive film?

The amount of study that has gone into the making of the film is equivalent to a new find. Be it the concept of dimensions, futuristic world, or the unexplainable topics to the laymen, this story from the Nolan brothers is rather simple than all their previous outings. Interstellar in simple words, is a film about a father-daughter relationship.

Taking the 'Dust bowl' as a primary setting for the story to have a beginning, Mr. Cooper is a farmer by choice but a trained pilot and engineer by profession. He is a single father who still believes the plight of their blight filled earth can be taken over by inhabiting another planet. His bright daughter Murphy doesn't want him to go on a NASA powered voyage fearing his return. Let's stop it there on making a futile attempt of describing the story.

Interstellar has propelled itself to the pinnacle by an undeniably superior story, astute screenplay and stellar performances from the uncanny yet stubborn Mathew McConaughey as Cooper the pilot, Anne Hathaway as Amelia a committed scientist, Micheal Caine as Dr. Brand the chief and Jessica Chaistan as Murphy the abandoned daughter. Double Negative has taken up the herculean task of doing the visual effects for a Nolan film and has re-created unseen visuals of the wormhole, the outer space, inhabited planets of the other galaxy and of course the beautiful earth. The graphics and other digitally composited elements in the film are pretty much the life-line for the film, making the unseen portions of outer space look so convincing to us and not a compromised, make-believe platform. How will the engines of a space shuttle sound, how is sound transmitted in a planet that has only 80% gravity, how does a button sound when it is pressed by a finger that has astronaut's gloves on it?

Hans Zimmer can never get tired of writing top-class music scores. Be it the nail-biting sequence of the shuttle docking into the mother-ship or the take-off into the space or the scene where Cooper gets to watch a video sent from his family, the musical support in the film is a parachute like life-saver for such a hard-hitting story. He elevates the film and positions it to an unreachable height of excellence and creativity. Interstellar has been filmed with anamorphic 35mm and IMAX 70 mm to give a different visage for the story. Hoyte Van Hoytema's (what word could you think of to describe his skill) cinematography will become a standard procedure on how science-fictions are to be shot.

Made on a whopping budget of 165 million dollars, Nolan almost returned 10 million after filming from the original allocated budget. Private corn fields were bought and cultivated to be used as a major backdrop. Special IMAX cameras were made to shoot the interiors of the cockpit. Exclusively Robots were made for the film. 100 hours for rendering a single CG powered frame and what not first-timer for a film. Interstellar has started a race of its own for generation of film-makers to follow.

Einstein's general relativity, Morse code, rotating black-hole and lot other complexities are dealt in Interstellar, but it is an emotional tale about the cosmos of survival. This piece of writing has no spoilers and talks nothing about, how great the film is. It is just an immediate response This is yet another movie that relies on a soaring soundtrack and pretty visuals to distract you from the fact that it is poorly crafted, with massive plot holes, manipulative story lines that go nowhere and inconsistent, poorly developed characters.

It gives us a bunch of garbled scientific babble without explaining what's going on - I guess we are just expected to accept it, even though it makes no sense. If we are to believe "Coop" is desperately needed for this mission to save the planet, why is this former engineer and magnificent pilot not working for NASA? Why is he sent to "discover" their compound through his daughter, who displays very little sign of brilliance, besides being a handful at school and understanding morse code.

We are given the vague notion that sandstorms choke everything but corn for some reason, and even that apparently hardy crop will die off soon - the good people at NASA have one guy working on it, choosing instead to concentrate the planet's most brilliant minds on mastering the galaxy and transporting the race to a brand new planet, conveniently through a wormhole.

"Coop" is apparently brilliant enough to be the only guy who can save the world, yet he needs tje concept of a wormhole explained to him by having another guy poke a hole in a piece of paper - eureka!

The whole movie takes place on a shifting foundation of science! No, love! No, supernatural phenomena!

And when "Coop" is able to find the magic library and use amazing technology to communicate in the wormhole with no means of life support, he uses that amazing technology to send his brilliant daughter a message in morse code. If you're advanced enough to have an AI robot helper that functions inside a wormhole, surely that technology can be more believably deployed to save the world than with a father's supernatural love manifesting in a short message of complicated science delivered through a watch.

And at the end, after "Coop's" long, improbable, emotional journey to get back to his beloved daughter, he stays with her for all of 30 seconds, not bothering to meet his descendants or inquire about the fate of his son, whom he kind of liked too, I guess. And then he flies off to be with his love Anne Hathaway, even though they showed no apparent signs of romantic connection, and who has apparently been abandoned on a planet by herself, even though the technology existed to rescue her.

If only the viewer could master time/space travel to get back nearly three hours of wasted viewing time. This movie, that's what. For the first 2.5 hours, it's easily a ten star movie. Then it feels like Nolan had no idea how to end it, so he kind of makes something up on the spot, but knowing that it's a load of crap, he makes it as complicated as possible in an attempt to distract the viewer from how awful the ending truly is. Just terrible. I feel robbed of a good ending, and I will go to bed tonight grumpy because of this movie.

It had a chance to be one of the best movies ever made (and I do not say that lightly), but instead it flopped harder than any movie I've seen before. Honestly, it's how good it started that makes this so disappointing. Thoroughly, undeniably disappointing. I mean, he really had something here. It could have been so great.

In summary, don't get your hopes up, or prepare yourself for nonsensical tomfoolery. I had expectations of an excellent thought provoking scientific drama based on reviews and the overall rating of this film (8.9 stars as of today) but they were dashed minutes into the film.

First the audio is horrendous it frequently alternates between the quiet mumbling of Matthew Mcconaughey's character to deafening sound effects and music, usually drowning out more dialog. And Mcconaughey truly does mumble his entire dialog (unless he's crying). I do not know many pilots that mumble unintelligibly let alone the best astronaut in the world as the script implies.

The "Science" of the movie is pure fantasy. The original blast off from Earth requires the equivalent of a Saturn V to launch into orbit, yet the ship is able to blast it's way off the water world orbiting deep in the gravity well of a black hole with no booster at all. The water world itself is about 2 feet deep yet has mile high waves which are impossible in only a couple of feet of water. The gravity required for a 7 year/hour time dilation would have crushed Mcconaughey to a fake tan orange spot. There are many more problems with the science but you get the idea.

Kip Thorne, an American theoretical physicist, may have consulted on this, but Christopher Nolan had final say on this piece of .... I imagine Thorne was looking to enhance his retirement account because it has surely not helped his reputation in the physics community. Maybe I should not be so hard on Thorne, perhaps he kept a magic beans scene out of the final cut.

The story is thin and characters are poorly developed, yet I would estimate 15 minutes of the film is spent with these weak characters crying and sobbing, and babbling a Dylan Thomas poem, yuck.

The specials effects are average. The worm hole scene has been done many times yet it is dragged out. The exotic exoplanets are puddle world, rock and ice world, and palm springs sans palms & springs, boring. Finally the robot looks like four or five Lincoln logs nailed together. I think when they got to doing the special effects for the robot they had run out of money. It was probably all spent on the fake tanning spray and hair dye for Mcconaughey.

If you want to watch a truly inspiring performance in Space, Google Chris Hadfield's performance of "Space Oddity" on the international space station and skip Interstellar.

I can not say enough bad things about this heap of fecal material. Don't waste your time or money. When I am dying on my death bed I will have one regret, that is having spent 3 hours of my life watching Interstellar. I'm disappointed. Nolan failed to break out of his mold and make a truly challenging movie. This is one heck of a summer pop corn movie, I'll give it that. But it's not much more than that, and it has perhaps the worst sound design I've heard in 20 years. Nolan himself says in interviews that this is what he wanted -- really loud with dialog that's hard to hear. To make it "more immersive" apparently. But if I want immersive, I can go ride my pick of rides at an amusement park. What I want when I go to the theater is for the director to tell a story. And his crappy sound design gets in the way of his telling of his story. And the story is yet another variation on his favorite theme of recursion. Meh. Getting old Chris. Old. And by the end of the movie, so were the endless references to 2001. Sheesh.

A good amusement park ride, yes it is. But it's still considerably below the bar set by Gravity last year. After a long drawn-out establishing sequence on our trashed home planet Cooper and young Murph (Matthew McConaughey and Mackenzie Foy) follow a mysterious trail to a secret NASA lab where a last ditch mission to a wormhole to save humankind is revealed by Professor Brand (Michael Caine) for which Cooper is implausibly selected to pilot.

This section is reasonably authentic: conventional rocket stages and a shuttle-like capsule which then docks with a larger vessel capable of achieving artificial gravity through centrifugal force to take them on the two year mission to Saturn. But from then on the science and the script become increasingly fantastical; whether in the high energy environment near Saturn, or (later) falling into a black hole our plucky astronauts absolutely need not fear radiation. The formula for the rocket fuel must be worth a fortune: after the initial conventional launch the landing and taking off from large Earth sized planets is achieved miraculously with small shuttles, so why the staged launch vehicle was needed is a mystery. The initial two year trajectory from Earth to Saturn and the wormhole does not then restrict the spaceship suddenly changing course and having a quick fly round the wormhole: the laws of celestial mechanics initially adopted are suddenly thrown out the window! Communication (which is essential in the script to move the plot forward) is also maintained somehow through the wormhole and back to Earth. The three planets themselves fall into formulaic categories of water world, ice planet, and (at the end) desert planet, and whilst some have oxygen whether there are plants or living organisms producing the oxygen is not made clear. The sexy black hole Gargantua gets lots of attention, but the star(s) at the heart of the system are forgotten about.

Despite data from earlier probes dispatched through the wormhole the astronauts seem to know next to nothing about the planetary conditions (again essential for the script) but somehow arrive exactly where the early expeditions landed (or crashed). It seems the script is as twisty as the wormhole! Throughout this movie there is absolutely no sense of any rudimentary astronomical comprehension and so despite the painfully thin gloss of authenticity we are basically in Star Trek space fantasy land: anyone seeing this movie expecting verisimilitude will feel they have been very cleverly conned.

The derivative concept boils down to one part 2001 A Space Odyssey to one part Contact with a liberal dollop of Gravity (space docking / disasters etc). The art design is in itself curious: the clunky robots seem to be wilfully jointed variants of the monoliths from 2001, the cheap and nasty space suits (intentionally?) retro NASA, the hibernation pods that sink dramatically into the floor (why?) part 2001 part Alien. Overlaying the woefully dodgy science is a powered-up emotion plot line that at times is intensely annoying and hugely implausible: for example when one of the astronauts drowns on the water world all the attention is on Cooper missing his family; their dead colleague with whom they have been cooped up in the spaceship for years is immediately forgotten, and when they return to the mother ship the fact the remaining astronaut has been waiting for 20 years gets little plot attention: more wormholes in the aim-to-crowd-please script? This mid-film emphasis on Cooper and his family is massively self indulgent and McConaughey's character becomes very irritating. .

Throughout Hans Zimmer's score provides a high decibel level of aural dampening to divert the brain from these trivial inconsistencies or when the plot or painful dialogue starts to sag; whilst Brand (Anne Hathaway) provides cute. Those parts of the script that are discernible through the thundering score are lightweight, tedious, and overworked.

So what do we learn if we retrospectively compare the three movies: 2001, Contact, and Interstellar: in hindsight 2001 can now be seen to represent a triumph of direction and cinematography, thoughtful intelligent script, a sound science base bound together in beauty and imagination; in contrast Contact it seems is already exhibiting the growth of emo in science fiction movies (epitomised by the self indulgence offered its star Jodie Foster), though this is contained within a reasonably plausible and scientifically based script, but oh dear when we look at Interstellar doesn't this movie says something rather awful about the sloppy crowd pleasing filmic times we live in, with the massed forces of technical wizardry and editing coupled with that all pervasive score to dull our dissent. Stanley Kubrick can rest easy; despite the hype Interstellar is not going to knock 2001 of its stellar perch. Overblown, over-hyped, corny, unscientific, implausible, Interstellar fails majestically as great cinema. Meanwhile 2001 like the very best sci-fi is subversive, it has edge - even satire, it transcends genres, it asks us the audience to think, and it exposes the brutality of the human condition. Where it is optimistic this optimism is undercut ambiguously, and it has profound things to say about humankind's place in the universe. Interstellar meanwhile, whilst for sure its sugary effect lingers cloyingly in the brain after leaving the cinema, is a mere annoying dust mote in the eye of space cinema. Just simply long - confusing pseudoscience with too many conceptual clichés Most people walked out in silence with a few grumbles ---

I love Nolan's body of work - but hated this...

And do not sit next to anyone that doesn't get Sci-Fi or this will be two hours of listening to them ask "What does this mean?" "What's a quantum?"

So disappointed with Zimmer - a duo tone church organ -

Good performances by all - but just ruined by a forced story and tons of plot holes - science gaffs and just bewildering "Whys" Nolan needs to get back to superheroes I am baffled by the near universal praise this movie is receiving here on IMDb.

Out of 2 hours and 49 minutes:

about a half hour was spent watching people crying - every star got their turn;


about a half hour was spent watching people docking spacecraft with their joysticks under great duress. Really? With that AI robot thingie we can't automate the docking? And what oh what does docking add to the story?


about another half hour was spent watching Matt Damon in a dead-end downer subplot;


and then another half hour was spent watching cornfields burning in the distance - why? Just, why?


So right there we could cut the movie down to about an hour, and we will only have about 40 minutes left to go. Leaving maybe 10 minutes or so that were visually interesting... moderately. There were no visual breakthroughs of any kind in this movie - zip.

And listen, I am a lifetime sci-fi fan. So the movie had a wormhole, and some time distortion. Please, is that in itself enough to satisfy anybody who cares about this stuff or do you maybe have to elaborate and get creative?

There was simply nothing of unusual intelligence or quality in this movie. Not the writing, not the acting, not the directing, not the visuals.

In the large theatre where I saw this with hundreds of people, one person starting clapping at the end. And the crowd laughed.

If you're a Christopher Nolan fanboy, then by all means go and enjoy yourself and give it a ten. If that's not you, spend the time doing your taxes or something, you will thank me. Interstellar is a movie that never gets off the ground. Based on a script that wanders from end to end attempts to comprehend its plot and themes are very difficult for the viewer. Heavily weighted with Academy Award winners including Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Michael Caine and Ellen Burstyn they are never able to surmount this poorly written script. From the beginning it was obvious many elements of Interstellar were lifted from other films. These included 2001 a Space Odyssey and Enemy Mine. Promising not to giveaway details Muppets in Space was more enjoyable. Interstellar starts in a backwater town and ends on a planet 2nd rate planet. With a running time of 2 hours and 49 minutes schedule yourself at least one break. Why? Because you will be staring at your watch constantly hoping the film would tear. I rated his movie 5 out of 10 which I believe was generous. Mark Davis MD I finally watched this movie and the secret is out ... Nolan has created a dud. I have realized that the combined IQ of all Nolanites is sub-zero. Add to that the fact that this movie is receiving 9.1 rating. 9.1 realllly ? What is there in this f**king movie ? I think Nolan has duped us all with this colossal mess. He must have run out of ideas or something ....

The other reviews suggest that the imagery in this movie is top notch. Well, it ain't that good. trust me . I have seen it all before in sci-fi movies. The 3 hrs of this piece of sh*t is something I am never going to get back.

Stay away from this one folks ... nolan must have slept through while directing this crap. Very simple. Very short.

The movie is a complete drama. I saw the trailers and all of them made the movie appear to be scientific, but it is just confusing and filled with speculation. I really am getting annoyed with how new movies are all starting to pretend that Man is something more; like Lucy. All are disappointing movies and the only parts I really enjoyed was when they showed space, like the last few minutes of Lucy, and the few minutes in Interstellar showing the wormhole/blackhole etc...

Why do you insist on turning movies into an art? All those who said this movie was great, your reviews are really confusing to me. How can this be a masterpiece, when 95% of the movie was complete drama and a waste of time? If you will make a movie called "Interstellar", I expect to see a 2.5 hour movie filled with speculation and knowledge about things such as a singularity or a blackhole, why waste time talking and docking and other things? Just zoom out and let us stare at the blackhole, that is the sole reason I watched this movie, and the sole reason I created an account here.

Next time change it to "Drama/Complete Drama", don't take a name like Interstellar and make it into complete nonsense. We want to see science, we want to see you analyze the blackhole and the wormhole. Completely low budget stuff were put in this film. Docking looked fake by the way. I am extremely outraged at how Fake this movie seemed.

Thank you. Interstellar is not a bad film. Lets get that out of the way... Nor is it a great film either.

It straddles the fence of imperfection ever so well. There are some great moments and then there are some very long drawn out moments that make you shout at the screen and say, "Shut up already and get on with it!" Once such scene came when Anne Hathaway was talking about love... a lot. Yes, there was a lot of talk about love and analyzing what love means. That moment sucked me out of the film, because I found it hard to be dragged into the immersive experience that Interstellar should be, when it is coupled up with such bad writing that doesn't blend in a scene well.

Such out of context reality smashing moments happen a lot in Interstellar that makes you wonder if the writers were tripping out on their own interstellar experience. Another scene comes at the revealing of a betrayal, of sorts, from a certain character. Without going into too much, all I'll say is that the scene felt hammy, rushed and again, didn't blend in what was going on. While I 'get it', as in the reasons for the betrayal, I didn't 'get it' in terms of why it had to happen, and it just felt... strange.

By the time the film matures in the middle, it goes downhill and your left on a spiraling out of control adventure that is the result of some new age writing gone bad.

If that wasn't bad enough, I had to put up with the endless scenes of key dialogue that I could hardly hear, because Nolan likes to blare his music up over important dialogue. Maybe it was just the Cinema sound system being extra enthusiastic, or maybe once again, a criticism that I've aimed at Nolan before, is that he really needs to edit his movies better and get an editor that doesn't make it hard for the viewer to hear what's being said. It is blatantly criminal in the sheer bad editing that this film suffers from.

The film does have its good moments, although I would have to call them rare, but again the visual effects are splendid and is possibly the only reason why this film is a 6 for me, and not a 5 or lower. There literally some scenes in the film that made me go 'wow...' and look on with delight. It's for these scenes that you need to go and watch Interstellar, but be warned, that the rest of the film performs below its expectation.

Major Gripe: Time for a major gripe, and I thought it would be the editing of the film, but no. It comes down to design. Now, I've read that there are those that liked the robots, TARS, and CASE. That's fine, and I'll admit the design is unusual and somewhat funky. Yet the positive reviewers probably don't or won't, look at the faults in design. Well I saw the fault in the design all too clear; In one particular scene, just after getting out of the shuttle after landing on a new planet, TARS is scene 'walking' for want of a better word, onto the planet. Yet I caught that moment when it awkwardly tried to maintain its balance. What was it doing with its left leg? I wondered to myself... And ever since I saw that strange fault, I couldn't let it go. The more I looked at its wobbly movements and its rather awkward looking design and its very human personality with its very human non-robotic voice, I just couldn't get into it that this was a robot. I kept on imagining a guy in a suit... and that's the problem.

When you design a robot for a film, you need to get it across to the audiences that this is a robot. Not some strange puppet on a string or anything else, but a robot. Sadly Nolan failed in getting this across because of the voice being used, because of the very human personality and because of the rather awkward looking way it just went about. There was nothing about the robot that I honestly liked, it just didn't feel like one, and at no time in the film is it explained where the tech came from, impressive tech at that, yet it just didn't translate well onto the screen.

Interstellar is a decent film. Is it worth the prestigious rating of 9.0 that most reviewers give it? I personally don't think so, and I think in a lot of cases such positive reviews come from the reviewer being dazzled with special effects and in a lot of cases that is the case. It happened with Gravity; people were so amazed at the effects they just threw 9's at it all day. Interstellar is not about any of that, it's about the story, and sadly, it lacks a decent one. To be completely honest, this is easily the most boring movie I've probably ever watched. The first part of the movie is a complete utter bore. Things actually picked up a bit midway through when they reached to their destination but even so it then falls back as flat as it all started.

Though the plot of the movie is quite an interesting one, it does take in my opinion a little bit too much time to get put into place which makes it really annoying at first. The lack of action of any sort, I mean even the most innocuous ones really brings the spectator to sleep all throughout.

It's actually hard to keep focus during the whole thing without doing something on a side actually with the long sequences of boring dialog. These, between the different characters are rather toneless, emotionless and they all speak like as if they were in some sort of documentary. It's actually quite unfortunate because the story in itself is quite interesting but the way it is played is just completely boring. Don't waste your time (not intended as a pun!). This is one of the most disappointing films I have ever seen, I love Sci-fi and was really looking forward to seeing this following the great reception it received, the people who liked this movie must have been watching a different version to the one that I watched. It is overlong at nearly 3 hours, where not a lot happens, the acting is wooden and hopeless from everyone except the young girl; Matthew McConaughty as the main character is totally miscast and 'MUMBLES' throughout his entire performance (I have perfect hearing, but was having to strain to hear what he was saying), Michael Caine and John Lithgow are wasted talents in this film, and are not given much to do. But what was most annoying was the never ending oozing over- sentimentality about family 'relationships' that would even have Steven Spielburg blushing! If you go to see this expecting a film about man's push to the stars...forget it. Also the 'revelation' how the girl works out the answer is so ridiculous that it actually made me laugh. When I saw this was directed by Chris Nolan I said there's no way I can miss this movie. Then I checked out the ratings on IMDb and went running to the theater only to be put to sleep. This movie was supposed to take place a few centuries into the future, however when cooper goes to his daughter's school for the parent teacher conference there is a tube TV in the classroom. Huh? Tube tvs can't be found anywhere in 2014 yet we're expected to believe they exist 200 years in the future.

Also what was the point of cooper and the kids following that drone? They made a huge climatic event and then the drone crashes and that's it. OK so what's the point. Going through the worm hole was OK but the other planets that were visited looked down right fantastical. Like out of a Disney fairytale. This film was filled with A listers but fell flat. Matt Damon's character was totally predictable and so was the ending. I really don't understand the appeal and high ratings. The plot is pretty standard, nothing new at all if you've read enough SF classics. The male cast is good, the adult female cast is awful, a small number of scenes are impressive, the so-called music reminisces of chalk on a blackboard, but all that doesn't matter because...

YOU CAN'T HEAR ANYTHING WHEN PEOPLE TALK. Hum, sorry, I was saying that the sound department was run by either a deaf or retarded person. And so is Mr Nolan, who possibly didn't bother checking his final product. The thing that passes for music is that loud. Reading lips sometimes help, but half the talking is through radio anyway, so good luck with that.

That's when I realise that Nolan can't actually tell a story through pictures. In many scenes, what is shown is severely shifted from what should be seen, and I would really need the dialogue to explain what is happening, but I can't decipher it because, you know, idiots at the helm. In the same vein, there are quite a lot of inconsistencies and silly concepts. And maybe the writer did come up with acceptable vocal explanations, but I'll never know, because a monkey spilled the background soundtrack all over the track I wanted to hear, and nobody cleaned it up.

During the projection, I was seriously and increasingly getting angry at the technical lousiness. That's a first. Hollowood has reached new levels of incompetence.

Save your time and money for something made by caring professionals. I hated this movie, it was literally one of the most boring, long, tedious, exasperating movies I have seen. I wanted to leave, but my husband wanted to finish watching it. I was confused watching this movie, trying to figure out what was going on. First of all, the characters talk about all the things that are gone, I.e the Marines, scientists, food. It is never explained why these things are no longer available. The whole scene at the parent conference was ridiculous, saying that this teacher believes that we never went to the moon or into space, it was a hoax, what?! Especially considering the main character was a former test pilot for NASA. This is a small town, you would think they would know this. There are so many problems with the plot, I can't mention them all. They ( Cooper and his daughter) found this secret NASA facility ,who knows where, yet they welcome him with open arms and offer him a job as the pilot. .???? If he was so great and he used to work there, why didn't they call him?RRRRRRrrrrr, I was very frustrated during this movie, time was dragging! If you like to see close ups of Matthew McConaughey crying, you might like this film. Looks great, but is filled with sappy dialog, daft twists and silly science.

Don't get me wrong, you should see this film for its look alone.

Just don't fall into the trap of thinking this is somehow going to change your life.

There are no proved wormholes in the real world.

The whole plot is filed with this hole and that's what undermines it.

This is the over-hyped sci-fi film with a twist ending that M. Night Shyamalan didn't direct.

Maybe if he had, people would see it for what it is. As others have done, I'm giving this a 1 to counter at least one absurd 10 given somewhere out there from behind a bookshelf in the fifth dimension. I won't go into the plot here, there are thousands of other reviews that have done so, I'm simply going to comment on why this movie is so not a 10 star flick. Other than Christopher Nolan stalkers loving from afar, this movie is a 3 hour exercise in endurance. Once I start to watch a movie, even for all of the faults I may find, I typically watch to the end...only with Interstellar it just wouldn't end. It was torture. I'm a huge believer that sci-fi movies are fantasy, an escape from the every day, a time to allow the improbable to take over...but they still have to make sense. The disconnect from scientific theory in this movie is of epic proportions. For example, I couldn't get over the complete avoidance of event horizon as the film wrapped up. I found myself completely irritated by this because the film relied so much on general relativity to develop the story line, and then just bastardized the entire premise of the theory so that the main character could survive was a total rip off. The acting was so over the top it was, at times, comedic. The character development was so poor that, as an example, I have no idea what Topher Grace's role even was, I was just like, "hey, Topher Grace is in this movie"? Given the fact that the viewer was offered the opportunity to visit a different GALAXY, it was a total snoozer to see that all that is out there is Waterworld, Iceland and the Grand Canyon. I could go on, but I won't. I've lost enough time in my life to this awful film. I may drop a few spoilers here, so be warned. I find it very hard to understand why so many people thought this movie was so good. Yes, there was a good cast. Yes, the special effects were good (in this day and age that is expected.) But the story? Teaching that space travel to the Moon was a hoax? What's that about? The farmer just happens to be a trained astronaut? His daughter just happens to be a mathematical genius? The lies that are told, and this intelligent astronaut is so gullible? The denigration of education, as if that is any positive way to save mankind? The striving by the government to have more farmers, when it has been obvious since the industrial revolution that larger mechanized farms utilizing fewer farmers are more productive. The belief that new colonies can be created by bringing embryos to life? Who thought this up? The same people who strive for an uneducated populace? And amid all this, somehow commuter space travel is developed? Too much Bull for me to swallow! Really folks????? Basically, I am a very big fan of Nolan. But I wonder what has happened to him after watching this movie.

No doubt, there is a lot of hard work involved in this film with a lot of science especially physics. But here is the basic-nobody comes to a movie for science.They come to watch movie.

Whether it is physics,Mathematics or anything that is involved, it should help elevate the story and not the other way around.Makers used this movie to showcase science. Nothing wrong to show that science is important for better future, but if a movie fails to create interest among audience through good script, they lose patience and don't care about message given in the movie.

Too much of melodrama involved with boring scenes in the first half of the movie. Simply put, I don't think there is anything new in the BASIC story.Highly predictable first half has boring moments with snail like pace. Even if a movement occurs now and then, we get 'so what?' due to exhausting plot till that moment.

One of the biggest plus points in Nolan's screenplay is too much of plot and it was even a complaint on him. But this movie lacks that.

On the whole, being a fan and film school student, I am disappointed that great maker like Nolan is more into science than fiction in this. Imagine a remake of 2001: A Space Odyssey but produced by Oprah and directed by Dr. Phil - featuring some the most unprofessional, sappy, cry baby astronauts ever put on film. That pretty much describes Interstellar. It will make true science fiction fans nostalgic for the cool precision of Stanley Kubrick.

A great premise, fascinating science and some of the grandest shots of space travel ever committed to film go to waste, buried deep between two soggy galactic tampons. A frustrating experience, as so much greatness was just below the surface. Oh well.

Still worth seeing, at least as a rental, for the aforementioned visual design. In that sense, the movie has a lot in common with Prometheus - another visual masterpiece of science fiction compromised by a bad screenplay and silly choices. Whether it is audacious or not, Whether it outdoes Kubrick's Odyssey or not,Whether it would get Oscar or not, That wont concern ! What matter is did I get the goosebumps or not while seeing ! And there it scores. You don't need to know General theory of Relativity. The Morse code, Wormholes, Spacetime can wait. you don't need to know physics at all. You just go to watch it and see the beauty of IMAX. Great performance from all those brilliant actors and actresses. And then the score by none other but the great Hans Zimmer ! But last, The Nolan brothers. Christopher Nolan delivers again. An epic voyage with lot of emotions. The astonishing cinematography is a pleasure to our eyes. Mankind is saved from destruction but it needs a great deal of courage and conviction. you get this here. Entering wormhole without violating physics is yet another milestone in the genre of science fiction. A monumental film with every aspects of life and science is depicted by Nolan. Interstellar is the most boring thing I've watched since the last space-drama, "Gravity". This is that movie, crossed with an episode of Doctor Who, and with about an extra hour of absolutely pointless crying and drama included, as far as I can tell, purely to stretch the length of the movie.

If it had been an hour and a half, it probably would've been fun to watch. The visual effects are really nice, and the acting is believable. Matthew McConaughey would be good in anything. I like that it's completely unpredictable. And the smart arse robot is a nice touch, (after the protagonist tells it to turn on its 'queue light' when it's joking, it says "You can use it to find your way back after I blast you out of the air lock").

But holy freaking crap all of that long, drawn out, crying gets old fast. I get it. Your character is really broken up about stuff. Can we move on to the next plot point already? Whoever decided that the story needed to be broken into five minute pieces, separated by long periods of grieving and frustration, needs to be kicked in the shins. Repeatedly. As a plot I thought this movie had a lot of potential.

I was disappointed however. After 25 minutes I just found it boring. The acting is terrible and you can hardly hear what Matthew McConaughy is saying. He just seems to be mumbling all the time. Also there is very little or no humour, most of the characters seem to argue with each other and the only interesting line was something to do with one hour being equal to 7 earth years, "so let's make every bit of it count." I ejected the DVD before half an hour was up....but maybe I'll return to it at some point. I am just glad I never went to see it at the cinema. Christopher Nolan seems to draw a buzzing mass of Nolan-fanatics wherever he goes. These little buzzers swarm around The Light That Is Nolan and in His light, nothing can ever go wrong. Who cares if Bane's death in The Dark Knight Rises was ridiculous? It's Nolan, he's amazing, God sent his cute little pout to earth to bless our sorry asses, and have you seen his (Aaaaand here we wander into dangerous territory.)

Okay I get it, Memento was ingenious, The Dark Knight set new standards for the superhero-scope of the cinema-verse, but Nolan sure doesn't have the Midas hand of movie-making. He's a man, he makes mistakes, and not all of the stuff he makes turns out so fabulous.

Hence the reason for the lame pun of this post: Nolan's latest film, Interstellar, wasn't as stellar as the name suggests.

Sure, Interstellar has fancy technology, as its Oscar for Best Visual Effects will demonstrate. The most accurate portrayal of a wormhole, precision of orbital physics and astrophysics, (insert fancy jargon here)

All that's great, except that there's more to a movie than just technical splendor.

Stanley Kubrick's science fiction masterpiece 2001: A Space Odyssey isn't considered one of the greatest sci-fi films ever created only for its revolutionary techniques in portraying space and spaceships; its profound ruminations of the nature of man and the questions it raises on the divide between natural and artificial intelligence are what has put the film on the pinnacle of cinema. Of course, the movie's amazing sequences of spaceships moving slowly in harmony with Strauss's majestic pieces cannot be overlooked, but that does not mean they are the sole reason behind A Space Odyssey's critical acclaim.

Interstellar tries valiantly to mimic both the technical and philosophical marvels of historical sci-fi films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, yet it fails by a long shot in delivering a significant, poignant message. The early scenes between Murph and Cooper fall flat in emotion; neither the acting nor the dialog carry through the fragile emotions that should have been exchanged in such a scene. Nolan's efforts to raise questions on the "human identity" are easily spotted in scenes that seem almost forced, with little contextual connection to the sequence of events that move the story forward. The best example would be Anne Hathaway's excruciatingly cringe-worthy scene in which she claims love is worth jeopardizing their whole mission and the future of humanity for. Seriously, this comes out of nowhere—when did Hathaway's character become so irrational and obsessed with her probably long-dead lover?

"Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends time and space," she cries. Sound like something from one of those turn-your-life-around-through-these-10-steps books? It's unbelievably sloppy and unrealistic dialogue, and something I'm not at all surprised to find in a Nolan movie. Self-important, philosophic textbook quotes may work in a superhero movie where the hero is expected to be somewhat presumptuous, but not so much for a supposedly realistic science fiction flick.

What I've concluded is that Interstellar is neither unique nor special; its ideas of travel through wormholes and warped time in different areas of the galaxy have already been entertained in science fiction films of an earlier age such as Star Trek. The only factor that Interstellar can show off above all other is the accuracy to which it incorporated modern theories of space and time— the wormhole's curved surface is supposedly the most accurate representation of such a thing ever put on screen.

Perhaps the supposed scientific genius of the movie becomes more real to its audience because of the background of the movie, or the way the subject of space travel is treated. Science fiction movies like Star Trek seem far off from reality—such movies portray themselves as fiction, a made up world, a world that is usually beyond the parameters of a "what if" world that diverges from our own. Interstellar, however, tries to make itself seem like an extension of the reality we live in—our future very well may have in store for us a dry, bleak land that has forsaken the human race. Dying potato fields and giant dust storm seem less childlike, less like a figment of our imagination than do light sabers and evil warlords waging war on the galaxy. We are led to empathize with the world of Interstellar as if it were our own and not a created fantasy land, which is why some of the things that happen in the movie seem less absurd than what happens in other films of the same genre (of course, these "things" exclude the infamous bookshelf and Morse code scene, the absolute bane of the movie and the epitome of Christopher Nolan's over-ambition with his newest project).

So if you thought Interstellar was an absolute blast, good for you. Congratulations for spending those extra dollars on watching IMAX 3D or whatever it is they have these days. Next time though, you might want to consider crashing on your couch with a nice, homemade bowl of buttery popcorn and let Netflix lead you through the world of true, time-proved science fiction. (Of course, Interstellar re-runs are always available. Respect personal preference I must.) Just doing my part to try to keep these ratings real. The movie's really a 7 on first viewing. Pretty sure .5 will be subtracted with each repeated viewing. At just short of 3 hours my a** is starting to go to sleep just thinking about it. This movie's real niche is about a 6.8, NOT the current 8.8. Nowhere near it. Got to keep writing now cause IMDb says so. Do you think the glue people were huffing that compared this movie to "2001 A Space Odyssey" had long chain, or short chain polymers? How much were the early reviewers paid to plant all those bogus, gushing reviews and how can I get my hands on some of that? As long as Paramount Pictures, Warner Bros., and Legendary Pictures are shoveling out review payola as part of their marketing scheme they may as well shove some my way. Matthew McConaughey stars as space traveler Cooper, who travels to space through a wormhole in an attempt to find a planet that will be fitting for humanity to survive, as it is predicted that Earth will be inhabitable due to disasters.

This movie combines sci-fi adventures, fantasy elements and spiritual references, which make the plot pretty interesting. It also contains an all-star case including McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, John Lithgow, Michael Caine, Topher Grace and Matt Damon. However, the slow plot momentum and lack of action rendered the movie pretty boring. I first watched this film on a plane ride and fell asleep on it.

The visual effects were great, the acting was OK and the concept was pretty intriguing. However, the slow pacing really dragged the movie on. I may be the minority in the opinions, but I've seen more exciting sci-fi/adventures movies.

Grade C- This film sucked on every level imaginable from the script, the acting, the sound track, the physics, the cinematography, the directing, the editing, the flow, the lack of transition, the script, the acting, the sound track, the physics, the cinematography . . . oops - my keyboard momentarily slipped into a trans-dimensional, time altering state of flux that actually made more sense than anything about the film, "Interstellar."

Actually, the film sucked with a force far greater than any gravitational pull exerted by a black hole that it literally pulled any intelligence out of the minds of the film's viewers, thereby destroying any rational or true cognitive ability to make a sound review of this really, really, really, great film.

I want my mommy . . . This was a corker ... Mathew Maconnaghay painted a strange colour yellow for most of the film ... He also has a really badly put on accent ( god knows what its supposed to be ) ... Family Family Family Hollywood can only drivel on about Family ... The ONLY decent acting in this came from John Lithgow who mak=de an early exit ... The plot is chucked together from the usual suspects ... The director obviously watched 2001 too often ... The time anomaly at the end seems to be a K hole ... I mean !!! ... Get over it ... This is seriously mediocre time filler ... There is no intelligence going on here, just the usual Hollywood drivel ... Uninspired visuals ... And a serious lack of imagination ... I spent nearly 3 hours on this thing as I thought it may pay off in the end ... I was soooooo wrong Vapid and insulting This movie based on an amazing book, and was drawn into a dramatic and hyper realistic screenplay by Spielberg before that script was ultimately butchered into this movie by Christopher Nolan. Read the summary of the original script - it is such a good idea for a movie. Space sex?! How cool!

What we have with Interstellar is "crying in space". Every character gets at least one long crying scene. It's too much. The soundtrack is repetitive and exhausting. The dialogue is bland, the back-story is weak and I could go on but none of this is my real grip with Interstellar.

I think the movie is unrealistic, but not in a "physics of space isn't real enough" kinda way - which is the complaint most people have when saying this movie is unrealistic. I thought the characters were unrealistic. I just couldn't believe that THEY believed we hadn't gone to the moon in a day when traveling to Saturn as a species is possible.

I couldn't believe that Matthew McC. would be so emotionally weak yet be able to hack a predator drone on the fly and be an expert farmer and an expert pilot. I couldn't believe the length that the characters would go to in order to deceive each-other.

Now for the technology - I am okay with it being a little off but the inconsistency is what is tough to swallow. But you saw regular normal ol' Saturn rocket boosters needed to get off of earth, yet they could zip around near a black hole with gravity 8,000 times that of earth with tiny little engines? They have Artificial Intelligence capable of reliable and super-complex reasoning, with extremely strong limbs, and they chose to give it a refrigerator for a chassis? A long, tedious movie. It attempts to be an epic but fails. It attempts to say something profound, but the message is garbled. The movie attempts to mix jumbled pseudo-scientific dialogue with a melodramatic subplot involving a father and daughter, producing a muddled story with little dramatic power. The movie contains elements from 2001: A Space Odyssey and the Matrix, with its bombastic musical flourishes and the special effects meant to depict extra-dimensionality, all pure Hollywood. Matthew McConaughey is the principal actor; his character, Cooper, is the central figure of the story; the rest of the cast are supporting characters (their placement in the credits notwithstanding). McConaughey gives an interesting performance, which includes several scenes in which he weeps, which for a leading man is remarkable. The depiction of earth as a doomed planet is unconvincing and the plan to colonize other planets half-baked and one that tests the limits of plausibility. Being a science-fiction movie, stretching the boundaries of science for literary purposes is to be expected, but this movie asks the audience to accept certain premises that just do not make sense (e.g, acceleration of time; relationship of time to gravity; time as a material object). This movie is proof that when Hollywood attempts to deal with time warps, time holes, multi-dimensionality, relativity, and other complex scientific theories, the results can be less than optimum. This movie has an agenda and to entertain is not it. First off the first third of the movie was about how man has destroyed the earth and we who are left all live in a remake of the dust bowl days, with what I assume was actual dust bowl survivors testifying in the movie about how bad it was. When a movie puts in crap that jerks you out of the moment and then makes you try to figure out if its really part of the movie or did you wander into a Ken Burns documentary your in trouble with trying to be entertained and propaganda is on the way. We have to find a new world to live on and there has been some unknown intelligent and I say that only because that is what the movie portrays it to be, unlike the director and writers beings that through gravity have given clues or some type of Morse code through gravitational binary code to draw scientist attention to the worm hole opened up to a new part of the universe. The second part of the movie and agenda driven plot is about how man needs to keep spending money on going to the moon, space and beyond. Anyone who thinks it was a waste is deemed an idiot as in the movie where the school board rewrites the school books saying that the moon landings were faked. The last bit deals with time relativity and and while exploring the new earth time goes at 7 years to one hour so when Mathew Mcconaughey comes home his 10 yo daughter is now dying in bed,only to chase him out of the room. Then there are the million questions that don't add up, there is no army any more, LOL like a world of drought and no or little food only corn would not have riots and other hostile countries trying to take what we had. Mcconaughy is drinking beer in the fist part of the movie, where the hell did the barley or wheat come from if they only have corn, and where did NASA come from in the middle of a corn field if there is no US government to build all this crap? Its a known fact that the scientists at NASA built not a darn thing nor ever have, its all those corporations that get the contracts to build everything from the pencils the geeks use to the launch vehicles and produce the fuel to move them. NASA does not so much as put one bolt in one hole. Micheal Cains character ages some 25 give or take years and he does not look any different than he did at the beginning. Damn that Geritol is working good. This movies is flat and leaves you disgusted much like Contact. You will learn to swear after leaving if you don't know. It will only be loved by the geeks who love anything with a spaceship in it and don't care or understand content or plot, and by the hippie ECO nuts who want to use it to push the idea we have to ban oil and hummers. Do not waste your hard earned money on this loser. This movie takes the cake alongside The Maxtrix (1999) as the most overrated movies of all time.

Interstellar marks Christopher Nolans sense of self significance at an unhealthy level, where to begin about how bad this movie is?.

Characters: Terrible, i did not feel any real emotion towards anyone but the little girl, was it Murph? catwoman completely ruined the whole experience for me personally; that whole scene about love being the 5th dimension had me reaching for a sick bag and oh lawdy i better not forget Mutt Da'man who is cleverly and subtly given the last name Mann, once again a complete turn off for the whole experience; mind you i really enjoy the Bourne movies. Micheal Caine is above adequate as always at playing the wise, sage role. The lead character was not impressive even slightly; cant really find anything to point at in terms of the acting, it was good.

Sound: It seems we are all experienced and have numerous credentials when it comes to critiquing orchestral pieces judging from the countless reviews from people who say the score is a "masterpiece"; "time" from Inception was truly great but the loud and extravagant nature of it all is getting pretty tiresome and dull and i think Hans Zimmer is taking a bit of an ego trip as well. Who's absolutely retarded idea was it to have the background music louder than the dialogue in some scenes? The only thing that achieved was making my eardrums ache. The soundtrack is getting pretty diluted now and it all just seems like its their to boost the in reality shallowness of the movie, kinda like shouting in an argument.

Plot and story: Completely and utterly stoopid yes "stoopid" to emphasise just how mind numbingly horrible it was, get this the story is advanced because the characters left a window open on the top floor which results in dust falling onto some magnetic filings which reveal the location of a secret NASA facility, if you seriously cant see how bad this is you really don't have a brain or just don't use it. For a race that can slingshot shuttles using planets gravitational fields and travel through wormholes the cryo- chambers look like bloody tiled baths, where is the sleek and futuristic design, Alien a movie made 35 years before Interstellar has better looking cryo-tubes who even overlooked this? and don't even get me started on how the cryo-tubes are essentially freezing time when one of the key messages in the movie is that you can't stop time or travel backwards -_-. Black holes the enigmatic and infinite object that alludes all the top scientist today and which completely renders our knowledge of the current universe seemingly pointless is just a library made out of strings which you pluck to interact with the 3rd dimension; i think the facepalm i did due to this idea has left a permanent mark on my face but wait what is that you say "light can't escape the pull of a black hole" oh no its fine im just gonna use my radio transmission technology to contact someone from outside a black hole, screw you Einstein! The robots, how could i overlook the robots, if that's how robots look in the future i will commit a horrible act upon myself, i bet you everything i own it was the same dude who designed the cryo- chambers.

To those who compare this movie to Stanley Kubricks 2001 i am not even going to acknowledge your existence, this movie is a joke, a pretentious self indulgent movie which does nothing but throw heaps of concepts and confusing ideas to make the audience think they are daft and that the movie is of such a high intellectual level that they must praise it.

I don't usually give 1/10 but I gave this movie a 1/10 to hopefully have even a minute impact on the overall score, its a loss for humanity that this movie is even in the top 250 on IMDb but if the extent of your movie going is to see the next transformers movie im pretty sure you'll find this movie quite intelligent and "awesome" and "the best movie eva". If you ever saw Kubrick's 2001 then do not waste your time in this movie. If you did not;then rent or buy 2001 and avoid this piece of crap.

"INTERSTELLAR" is a dumb and lazy written cash cow disguised as a philosophical statement. "INCEPTION" was the same thing (but less stupid and more entertaining or at least had more action and violence )

Do not be fooled by the concept; there are just one or two interested statements in this movie but taking three hours for that is excessive.

The whole things must make sense in Nolan's depressing mind; the world is ending but people is still selfish enough to make matters worse. The movie has zero humor and the positive or hopeful message is as fake as the special effects.

In fact; this is a movie about God; but Nolan's refuse to even refer about religion; so the movie is about "something" that is never clear and makes absolutely no sense. ***SPOILER AHEAD*** Without saying too much about the first ending (there is a second happy ending to ensure better box office receipts and is even more absurd ) why whoever could create such a device just pass the message and solve the problem ?. ***END OF SPOILER***

McConaughey is talk is almost incomprehensible. Anne Hathaway is always good; but his character is under written. Jessica Chastain has to deal a completely absurd and unbelievable and over dramatized situations (and she does not succeed).

In brief; do not commit the same error I made. Save your money for a better and more sincere money; this one is just a scam. ** MINOR SPOILER **

I was really looking forward to this film. I like movies and I like science fiction. I like most of Christopher Nolan's films. And I think Matthew McConaughey has done some great acting work (True Detective for example). So the film seemed to have all the ingredients that would make it enjoyable.

Sadly though I found it to be a disappointment. I think there are three reasons for this.

First, and foremost, I did not make any emotional connection with the characters. Matthew was supposed to be the hero and protagonist of the film but I didn't connect to him at all. Other characters e.g. the daughter, the grown up son, the Matt Damon character I found irritating. Regardless of the subject matter of a film I need to emotionally connect with the characters in some way.

Secondly, there were too many basic plot points that made no (common) sense (I'm not talking about the science not making "science sense" as that's accepted and okay in a science fiction film). *** SPOILER NEXT** For example Matthew McConaughey turns up at the NASA base and without any credible explanation is told he'll be the pilot of the space ship?**SPOILER ENDS**

Thirdly, I think in attempt to make a serious weighty science fiction film with gravitas, the entire tone of the film became too unremittingly serious...and they omitted to lighten the mood occasionally with a bit of appropriate humour. Take as a comparison The Shawshank Redemption (which currently tops IMDb's greatest movie poll). A great film with gravitas and a serious message, often emotionally dark and harrowing at times..but it uses humour appropriately to balance the tone of the overall film.

So very sadly a real disappointment I'm afraid...and I find myself genuinely puzzled why this film has got such a high IMDb rating.....in exactly the same way (and same reasons) that I was puzzled by the high rating for Skyfall. Advertized as one of the greatest ever, yet this movie is recycling quite a mix of ideas from other movies incl. 2001, 2010 and somehow Prometheus. Clearly, the producer deserves credit for trying to combine all the features and for taking a shot at the concept of 5 dimensions and black holes. Also, the main character was convincing and special effects were great.

However, was the producer serious about the main figure ending up in a black hole and thanks to higher beings experiencing his daughter's 5-dimensional bed room, which allows to send scientific data on black holes through a wristwatch sitting on her book shelf? Really??? Also, perhaps I didn't get it, but with full access to time, why did he leave mixed signals incl. coordinates of the NASA area vs. 'STAY'?

Also great, for points on the political correctness scale, that daughter, as a woman in a modern Hollywood production of course is the Physician that in no time deciphers the data, completes the formulas and enables mankind to leave earth to live on full-fledged orbiting space stations a la Elysium. Big time happy end in 10 minutes!

Almost silly, the father is found floating somewhere in space after his black hole epiphany; because one hour for him was decades on earth allowing to develop technology? Right! Then he is taken to a space station incl. a museum replica of his home with 'no touch' signs all over, but for no reason the broken robot is stored right there. For him to repair because it's his buddy? Right! I could go on forever.

With high expectations, while watching the movie I got more and more disappointed, not to say insulted by several childish attempts to fix an unfix-able disconnection in the plot. It almost seemed as if a 5-year old mandated the producer to strike a story incl. gigantic Happy End from a list of random components at all cost and regardless as to how incompatible they are. first of all i'm happy that the film wasn't number one at the box office and that's for a simple reason it didn't deserve it. I went last Friday to see this film for two reasons : first i like Nolan's films specially Inspection, and second reason is because i thought i'm gonna see a film like or even better than Gravity, but it wasn't. as the matter of fact it was the worst film i have ever seen for years and that's for many reasons: 1- the graphic design was OK, but not like Gravity gravity was much real as if u were in the space with them 2-the story is very long unreasonable ( specially the end) and confusing because once u are in space and once u are in earth i really wanted to leave the theater but i because i paid the ticket i refused to go out. and i the end all i wanted is to( get my money back ) I really don't see how everyone is giving such great reviews of this movie!!!! It's one giant plot hole from which no stars can escape.

Say what you like about Nolan's film making style, but this movie should have never been made.

Throughout the overly long self indulgent piece of crap I said many times that this movie had better end REALLY well...

Of course it's just one notch above the worst ending I can think of for it.

I think they killed all the consultants off before they started filming too.

Just SAVE YOURSELVES!!! RUN, Don't WATCH IT! One of the biggest letdowns to come along in ages. Not even McConaughey can put an interesting spin on this half-baked, ham-fisted rubbish. It's an amateurish mess of clichés, clumsy exposition, pretentious nonsense, cheap manipulation, and predictable twists. I felt like walking out, but I kept thinking at least there might be some stunning visual effects coming up... nope. The space scenes are serviceable at best, the alien planets are either a blank expanse of water or a blank expanse of ice, apocalyptic Earth is just like normal Earth except with some dust blowing around... where exactly did that big budget go?

If you dislike this film within the first twenty minutes, don't waste your time sticking around. It doesn't get any better. Despite the hype, I went to see Interstellar hoping for the best. From the dreadful opening, which went on forever featuring insipid dialogue and portentous acting by all involved to the crude miniatures in "space" (clearly an homage to Kubrick's 2001, A Space Odyssey, which accomplished far more with far less technical advantages than today's filmmakers), the movie incredibly got worse and worse until the last 30 minutes with some inspired, redemptive space/time scenes. But oh, that insipid dialogue and McConaughy's western drawl and baleful looks, echoed by a truly wasted Anne Hathaway, who also walked through her lines. The real culprit is the editing, as if Nolan was so in love with his work he could not bear to cut a scene. And the music? So banal that it managed to be predictable and intrusive at the same time. I couldn't wait for the "space scenes" to begin. But from liftoff to deep space, they could have NASA footage instead. I just can't imagine how anyone could call the space scenes "thrilling" or the twists and turns of the plot "gripping". Whether or not you liked Gravity, at least its space scenes were in your face and hard-edged. Watching the Interstellar space station cartwheel through space like a miniature toy out of a Cracker Jacks box was simply embarrassing. The scene of McConaughy and Hathaway begging Mat Damon not to activate the airlock, because it wasn't sealed was just another example of Nolan trying to manufacture excitement. Instead of being a hoped for surprise, the result was not only something we have seen in many sci-fi space movies, but as an experienced astronaut and pilot, Damon's character would absolutely know would happen! There were so many wooden moments, it's hard to count. The best was when McConaughy walks into his sister's hospital room and the reaction from her friends and family is absolutely zero! Not even a cocked head. What a colossal waste of time, talent and money to create something so utterly unforgettable. You just can't create a profound movie by hoping characters can talk their way through it. Nolan may have had a good story in his head, but what a mess--confused, poorly plotted, no editing and a visual treatment and color palette that looks like it was done by amateurs. 1 out of 10 and that's being kind. There is a lot I like about this movie. I love the overall themes of the end of mankind on this planet and trying to find a new "home". Everything you'd expect to work in a film of this budget does work: It looks awesome, the actors are good, the score is great etc. These things are what make this movie worthy of the prize to a ticket.

While I give Nolan credit for taking on these huge themes, I don't think he quite delivers with this one. Of course with a movie like this there's gonna be plot holes and you could nitpick it to peaces and that can be enjoyable part of a movie too. The biggest problem with me was the human side of the story on the emotional elements. I do think Nolan did good job convincing us of how hight the stakes were on this mission. And I enjoyed the elements about the relevance of time and how years past in the earth while they've only experienced a couple of hours. The big human element of the story is the relationship with a father and a daughter and that just doesn't work well enough. It's almost laughable how long it takes for the daughter to forgive her dad for leaving her for the sake of mankind. Even though she works in the same facility that send her dad away in the first place. I guess it's dramatically better that she sends her first message to him when she's the same age he was when he left but it just doesn't make much sense. Also Brand's speech about love being an element that reaches over time and space is just laughable. You could do that with any other emotion and still have it make as much sense. I also found the emotional scenes to bee too manipulative. I just didn't feel for the characters as much as I should have. The scene with Cooper and old Murph was just stupid. They haven't seen in decades and have both experienced more than most people could imagine with huge emotional package. And they spend like two minutes talking to each other. And Coopers grand children and grand-grand children don't even talk to him even though he's supposed to be some kind of a legend. They just silently leave the room when he arrives.

In general the movie was just overly chewed and explained. They should have left more stuff up to the interpretation of the viewer 2001's style. But I still don't regret seeing the film. It is quite an experience visually. And for that reason the stuff that doesn't work is such a shame. where to start??? Mumbling lead actors, emotionally not engaging for the audience, wasted use of a good cast, weak script, clichéd soundtrack, far too long, and don't start me on those silly robots! A waste of both time and money spent on this movie - I kept thinking how better spent the money could have been. Like watching a train wreck in progress. If I was alone at the screening I would have thought about walking-out, however, I saw the film with a couple of friends at the time. We had a coffee afterward and talked for at least an hour about what we thought was wrong with the movies. One of the group actually did not mind the robots! Some people at the screening I attended actually walked out.

I would only give it one star since it did not contain any gratuitous violence or overt sexism. THE worst and longest movie i have ever seen !

acting : it might be the worst performance of all these great actors,


sound : a terrible midi synthesizer not even acceptable for a sitcom,


image : bad Photoshop of static images of Saturn,


scenario : could have been a very interesting to play with relativity theory but a complete failure,


moral : if we destroy the earth, let's find a new planet with an American flag !


very very bad recycling of the some good elements of 2001 space odyssey

I could write pages of bad elements of this movie, but you got the point : don't loose your time ! I hovered for a while over 5/10, but then this isn't an average film...it's below-average. There's not much to recommend it other than McConaughey's decent performance.

Here's a few things that's wrong with this picture:

the daughter is, to put it bluntly, a stuck-up bitch to her Dad: surely the most undeserving daughter in the entire universe of a reunion with a long-lost father. At least that's how she was portrayed.


the premise is pure shlock daftness: it's a silly idea dreamt up as any old excuse for the journey. And I say this as a hard sci-fi fan (or rather, hard sci-fi taught me that the premise in a story was important).


the effects are cheap-looking, even wobbly at some points! How on Earth 99% of viewers applaud the effects is truly lost on me. It just looks like a budget TV version of Lost In Space.


there's a lot of crying...a lot. Cheesy as hell.


the black character dies (obviously not a spoiler).


there's some formulaic conflict later in the film which is just dumb and predictable. Don't expect high-end existentialist conflict ala Hal-9000 vs Dave Bowman.


the moments of 'tension' are anything but. They're just boring and overlong. The music doesn't fit (sounds like a hyper-ventilating hysterical version of the brilliantly-understated Jonny Greenwood Soundtrack from There Will Be Blood).


the other planets' visuals were dull, grey and utterly uninspired.


the resolution was more soap opera than science fiction...and the obligatory wormhole/psychedelic sequence was soul-crushingly down-to-Earth.


I felt the urge to leave the cinema early at least 3 times.


It's not a 1/10 or 2/10, for those are reserved for the absolute worst film I'd consider rating (something like Pacific Rim or Sphere). But 5/10 is genuinely too kind, considering all the things wrong with it.

For some perspective: I largely agree with the high scores of all the other films in the IMDb Top 20, and Nolan's last two Batmans are worth a 7/10 (Inception's an 8). Interstellar is just one of those films where I don't for the life of me understand the praise.

Recommended for emotional girls with daddy issues. Let me just say that the plot is good, the story seems cool, the message is good, but when you start watching the movie, it just gets worse and worse till the end.

It is a Complete waste of time, giving you nothing but a bad taste in your mouth. This movie really sucks.

Anyone who thinks this movie is great, has never seen a good sci-fi movie before, or is on drugs, or being paid.

Matthew McConaughey keeps mumbling threw out the movie, absolutely cannot stand the irritating music that Booms on boring things, trying to keep you interested in actors that don't even do a good job, I mean Matt? Seems like a amateur, everyone seemed very lame, and there are no aliens, there is no life, there is nothing to make you go wow, you see the same people doing a lot of nothing, hoping they all get killed so the movie will end, and the logic, the science, they screw up on their mission, and some of the special effects are worse then 1960's Doctor Who.

The only thing good about this movie are some of the great CGI scenes, other than that, I think it is one of the absolute worst sci-fi movies I have ever seen. So many bad things, it would take me a year to write it all down, it is a classic movie, classic as being top 10 of the worse ever sci-fi made in the last 10 years.

How can this crap get such high reviews? it is very low budget, bad acting, bad everything, has anyone ever seen STAR WARS, STAR TREK? Inception? or Apocalypse Now? if not watch one of these great movies. Then watch this total crap movie, it should get a score of no more then a 4, at the most. But the ruining of the actors, makes me give it a 1, on top of all the illogical nonsense.

Especially at the end, he goes into a black hole? like his body could survive it? but lets just say he could, then multi dimensions, to where he turns a clock, and then that saves humanity somehow? While crashing into a building, somehow looking in a window, then somehow they build a colony in space that of course he wakes up to a baseball game which is probably the only reason he agreed to do the movie, to them rebuilding his old crappy house back home? I mean what the heck?

Makes no sense at all. How did this movie hack the movie rating system?I love intelligent sci-fi movies. 2001: A Space Odyssey (the movie Interstellar clearly wants to emulate) was a real masterpiece that still remains unequalled to this day. I have nothing against slow, introspective SF either. I thoroughly enjoyed Tarkovsky's Solaris, for example.

It's not that I dislike Nolan's work. Memento was a brilliant movie. I found The Prestige engaging, too. Inception veered a little close to Hollywood bombast and used some dumb clichés, but was still original and interesting.

But this one is just plain bad. Worse, it masquerades itself as an intelligent film when it actually makes no sense at all. For me, that type of pretentiousness is the biggest cinematic sin of all. Hence the 'awful' rating.

The build-up is extremely long and boring. Later, the first simple docking manoeuvre is presented as if it was the dramatic climax of the movie. The scenes stretches on and on, and the irritating, minimalistic music tells you you're supposed to bite your nail in excitement. I was bored to death instead. The same thing with the mini-climax that cross-cuts scenes on Earth and Dr Mann's planet (when Mann tries to kill Cooper). No matter how hard Nolan tries to suggest some kind of superhuman drama with the painfully long build-up, irritating music, and cross-cutting, apart form his tricks and the tired clichés, there's nothing there. It's still a long way to go until the end, which - not surprisingly, after so much artificial drama - falls completely flat.

The big revelation? I knew as soon as Cooper and his daughter found the message 'from beyond' who the sender would turn out to be. The trend that a hero talks in a gravelly drawl reaches its climax in this film as Matthew McConaughey spends the entire film trying his best to speak without using his mouth and pretty much fails to complete a single sentence. Whereas most people are able to send words flying from their maw Matthew just lets them slither from his lips whereupon they plummet to the floor and their meaning is lost the audience. So prepare to spend your time with this film constantly twiddling the volume so you have a chance of catching the dialogue.... So the film itself? About as exciting as a brisk walk around an industrial estate. Painfully slow to start and once it does finally begin it generates pretty much a single spot of excitement before becoming desperately dull again. The science as well as most of the social interactions within this film are full of plot holes which I'll spare you due to the spoilers but if you think about the film after watching it a lot of it doesn't really make any sense. The climax of the film is somewhat boring combined with fanciful and a painfully tiring family tie in.

No idea why everyone else thought this film was any good. I thought it was drivel. You would think the story is adventurous, exciting, beautiful! Its not at all what I had hoped. It is slow, dark as a black hole, loud as an old Barton Theater Organ playing Fugue in D Minor interesting as a litter box.

The story is thin.....I can't blame the actors, the entire plot is pretty simple. Can't inhabit earth, find somewhere else to live. Interstellar is a repeat of time continuum stories you have heard or seen before, I wont spoil it, but it's all been told before.

Dialog is dreary, slow, ponderous. The comparison to 2001 is preposterous. The wonder and awe of 2001 and other movies before it was it had never been done it was the first. 2001 was all done without the advanced technology we have in computer imagery we have today. 2001 was a pioneering effort. This is not at all pioneering, inventive or surprising if you read science fiction at all.

The imagery is not all that unique or impressive. The constant thumping and droning of background music was mind numbing. Most of the show I was trying to nod off, but for the LOUD THEATER ORGAN playing in the background I probably would have.

I have to agree with some of the reviewers who thought the whole show was ridiculous and in some ways they are right. Somehow science has advanced enough to create interstellar space travel but not far enough to build power cells, clean power, they are still burning fossil fuels. The robots are Lego like, silly looking clunks of stainless steel....it is all so ridiculous.

I would not call this HORRIBLE or AWFUL I have seen some real stinkers over the years. Interstellar is not so ridiculous it is a parody of a good movie it is just not a great movie some had hoped it to be. If this movie were set in, say, the Wonderful Land of Oz, it might stand up as a lightweight fantasy. Very lightweight. But dressed in the trappings of science fiction, it's simply appalling.

True, it does look purdy, with all that computer graphic stuff slathered all over the screen. And it does tell a story, of sorts: the dad who wants to redeem himself in the eyes of his daughter. It actually could have worked. But the story meanders for hours and hours, and any semblance of logic is completely abandoned after the trip through the wormhole, making it very hard to care what happens.

Just one example: the takeoff from Earth requires a multi-stage rocket on the scale of the Saturn V. The takeoff from a planet "near the black hole," (!) with "gravity greater than Earth's" is handled effortlessly by a tiny shuttlecraft. The movie is filled with similar lapses in basic logic. The final events near (and inside!) the black hole are so completely lacking in scientific plausibility that they'd seem embarrassing in a ten-cent comic book. In a multi-hundred-million-dollar epic, the complete disregard of all known science borders on criminal.

On the positive side, Interstellar is a better film than Gravity. The science is equally implausible, but the story doesn't depend on the science quite so obviously. Nonetheless, the popularity of feeble junk like this makes a sad comment on the state of knowledge and tastes in our 21st-century society. It may very well be the most remarkable film I've ever seen. Interstellar is a film which plays on your emotions more than anything else. Many people get caught up in the plot holes and the scientific inaccuracies, and thus, let these factors detract from what would otherwise be an incredible cinematic experience. Interstellar is a film to completely surrender yourself to - and let the sheer grandiosity and emotionality move you. Forget logic, forget science. This is art in its most fantastical and overwhelming form. A father's heart breaks as he realizes he's broken his daughter's heart - He has left her and does not know when he'll return. Nolan pulls every string in our heart with the emotion of the father- daughter relationship set against the backdrop of interstellar travel to save the human race. Interstellar will, I feel, become more appreciated as time passes, and will, I hope, one day be regarded as one of the greatest films ever made. I feel this movie is slightly overrated. I have not seen any trailers for this, I have not heard of this through word of mouth, I just so happened to stumble upon this title while looking for something to fill up my Sunday afternoon. So in other words I didn't really have any expectations for this title to begin with.

This is one of those movies I will only be watching once. There were three things that stood out to me that drew my attention, first; the poster looks pretty cool, second; it stars Matthew McConaughey, and third; it's directed by Christopher Nolan. Those are three really good reasons to watch this, right? Wrong. This movie makes 2001; A Space Odyssey look like Bad Boys II. If you have daddy problems and are looking for an intergalactic soap opera in the form of a movie, this might be what you are looking for.

I hate to hate but I feel like my time has been wasted watching this. The characters aren't very likable, the plot isn't very compelling, in fact it got rather stale near the end. Don't expect Prometheus. Don't expect Star Wars or Star Trek. Expect something that more or less belongs on the Lifetime channel. This film is another film in a long line of films from Nolan, where all the substance is in the craft.

Nolan is not Spielberg, although he tries at times hard to emulate him. Spielberg, whose main weakness is simplicity of human emotion and stubborn inability to explore the gray areas of the human condition, is both a great technician and has a strong grasp of film making essentials, such as pacing/character development/connecting with the audience/communicating his vision...

Nolan generally lacks in all these skills. He's a great craftsman, but he has no idea what the hell his own film is about. There's no vision in this film. No perspective. No character development. No connection with the audience. The pacing is bordering on amateurish; he speeds up when he should be slowing down, and slows down when he should be increasing the pace or maintaining the pace.

These film making nuances fly over Nolan's silly, endlessly pretentious head.

He thinks putting in a ludicrous, nonsensical and blatantly pseudo-scientific twist at the end will save this schlock from mediocrity.

It doesn't. I found myself sighing and rolling my eyes and shaking my head.

This film, when all is said and done, is another missed opportunity to create something truly inspiring; epic even.

This was not a film to give to a master craftsman. It's a shame Spielberg passed this on, because in more capable hands this could have been a masterpiece.

Instead, it's just a technically proficient hollow shell of a movie that has already been forgotten by most.

This will not become the classic that Nolan dreamed it would. 2001: A Space Odyssey this is not.

Not even close. Interstellar is a great concept for a movie. Exploring space is a wet dream, and it becomes especially dirty when your race is dying out at the same time, and you don't have enough resources to really be ethical about it. The premise, however, is... quite, how should I say this..? stupid. Somehow, everything that you can eat, except humans, is going extinct because of some super disease(?). They only have corn left.

Despite years of scientific advancements, humans have not figured out how to properly manipulate genes. Don't get me wrong, they keep doing it. It just doesn't seem to work as in real life. So the humans figure that they need a new planet. Here's where it gets really dumb. Okay, so you need a new planet? And are you sure this planet has food that you can digest? How likely is it that you're gonna find a planet that has food, that you can eat, and that can be found by one of 10 different shuttles shot off into different directions in space? Answer: Virtually IMPOSSIBLE.

Okay sure, let's say that they don't expect to find food, just a habitat that they can live in. Then what are they going to do with the super disease??? How is it not going to murderize all your corn when you bring it to this new planet? So right off the bat, this movie makes no sense. I was about to just walk out and bang my head against a wall for half an hour right before they got into space. Now this is where it starts to get good! They get to a pretty stupid planet, and then right after that there's a moment that simply gets 10/10 from me (I won't go into too much detail here). This is of course ruined by the fact that a couple of minutes later they have an argument. Anne Hathaway wants to go to the planet with the best properties, Matthew McConaughey wants to go the planet with the worst properties. Why? Well, because the guy who went there and recorded the data was the mission leader. So they do what Matthew McConaughey thinks because, hey why not. Of course this all ends in disaster and they blow up their main ship, the black guy dies, and then Anne Hathaway is sent to the planet with the best properties, which of course is habitable, and Matthew McConaughey has the acid trip of his life. Then some stuff happens and it's over.

This movie is a roller-coaster. It goes from being the dumbest movie I've ever seen to being one of the best movies I've ever seen multiple times during its screen time. When McConaughey was tripping balls in space, I just felt like they should've given me a heads up to bring a bong to the theater. I have very mixed feelings about this one. It's an extremely flawed masterpiece. So flawed that it doesn't resemble a masterpiece at all. It's not really a good Sci-fi, you take away the wormhole and replace the setting with WW2 Japan, where a father has to go on a suicide mission and there you have it. Melodramatic and not really reflective of humanity as a whole, or our place in the Universe. The film contemplates nothing significant and manages to tell nothing. Basically a cheap tearjerker for USA audience, cashing in on dwindling patriotism.

Protip: if you want good Sci-Fi films try either Sunshine or Pandorum. They are infinitely more entertaining and closer to reality without making paradoxes left and right. Or heck even Solaris if you're really that into melodrama.

I'm really disappointed in Nolan, after confused and often mind-twisting films like Inception and The Prestige, Nolan seems to be transforming into another side of Michael Bay where all Those millions are more important than integrity. I'm writing this review a month after seeing the movie, so I could be excused for forgetting some of the details. In fact, I've forgotten almost everything about the movie as I've got no idea what it was about!

I have a minor hearing problem. It rarely causes me any trouble, but 30 minutes into the movie, I realised that I had not been able to understand a single sentence - either because the "background" music was so loud, the dialogue was so soft, or I couldn't understand the actors' accents. I didn't walk out because I thought that the visuals may have helped, but two hours later I still had little idea of what was going on, and I didn't believe any of it anyway.

I've given it 2 out of ten for the photography and special effects, which were amazing. If I thought it might have a reasonable plot, I would have considered buying the DVD when it comes out so that I could read the subtitles, but, having read IMDb's description of the story, I don't think I'll bother. This is my first review, and I am compelled to write it t counter all the 10 star ratings.

This is possibly the worst movie ever made.

I fell asleep several times, and would have left had I not been sitting in the middle of the row of seats.

I wanted to ask for my money back at the end of the film.

It's just boring and nonsensical.

Why is every actor in the movie crying all the time?

Why does MM mumble/whisper all his lines?

I felt no emotional connection to any of the characters, and didn't care if they lived or died.

I heard this was an amazing movie and was looking forward to seeing it, but the only thing amazing about it is how much money and talent was turned into such a big steaming pile of dog excrement. Unlike the majority of the viewers of this film commenting on IMDb I found it flat,unrealistic in the extreme and essentially another Hollywood dud. Many times the people who make these Sci-Fi films will literally flood the IMDb review section with positive reviews, causing the IMDb rating to go up and (they probably hope) causing more people to go see the movie. What disappointed me the most about this movie were the obvious scientific inaccuracies and distortions that made watching it more of a leap of faith rather than an exciting trip into mankind's future. As most people know (adults of course) is that there is no such thing as a "stable" wormhole. That premise was used ad infinitum by Star Trek: Deep Space 9, and just as lamely since there is "no such thing" as stability when discussing wormholes. Additionally, the ending made essentially no sense whatsoever. What else can I say except skip it unless you love gigantic bulging eyes crying all the time (Anne Hathaway) or checking out Matthew M's pecks. There was very little entertainment in the movie that's for sure. StocktonRob Similar to at least one of my fellow reviewers, this is my first review. If it happens to be my last as well, I wouldn't mind. This movie warrants a review.

The night before seeing "Interstellar", I had watched Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey," which may have been the best movie of its decade/century as well. I was blown away by the beauty and grandeur of Kubrick's masterpiece, and I was worried that seeing it so soon before "Interstellar" would lead me to great disappointment in Nolan's film. Fortunately, this is NOT the case. "Interstellar" lived up to Kubrick's "Odyssey" and will be one of my favorite movies of all time. Nolan's movie certainly didn't surpass "Odyssey"; the two occupy a very different space (no pun intended) in my mind and in the annals of cinema. I can say with confidence that the two of these movies have illustrated the glory of what can be achieved in a sci-fi film, and they cause all others to pale in comparison. Even the recently- released and acclaimed "Gravity" has no such weight compared to these two masterpieces (another great pun).

Without spoiling any of the film, I would like to discuss some details that impressed me. The score is phenomenal, the acting is powerful, and the special effects are superb. But perhaps my favorite aspect of the movie are the apparent nods to Kubrick's "Odyssey" which made the dual-experience even more significant. Certain elements of the film reminded me of Kubrick's "Jupiter and Beyond the Infinite" sequence, the mysterious monoliths, even the legendary HAL-9000. Even with these slight similarities, so much of the movie was different, and in enough ways bolder, such that "Interstellar" feels incredibly fresh and original.

Christopher Nolan co-wrote AND directed this film, which only further solidifies his status as one of the greatest directors of our generation. Even with his hard-to-match lineup of prior successes, this movie is a phenomenal standout. The run-time felt very appropriate, and just like "Odyssey," I was pleased with how many things were addressed after what seemed like logical stopping points.

Please treat yourself to a theater experience of "Interstellar." If you love sci-fi, if you love the realities of space and astronomy, even if you only love great film making, you will love this movie. I rarely go to the cinema any more since I have such a good entertainment system at home. I went to see this movie anyways since I didn't want to wait until it came out on blueray. I'm glad I did! There is only one thing to say to describe this movie: Mind blowing! Truly mind blowing! I had high hopes for this movie, and usually when you go in there with high expectations you almost always come out disappointed. That's not the case with this movie! It was actually far better than I had dared to dreamed about! I couldn't stop thinking about it for days afterwards.

This movie addresses some important questions. Are humanity going to stay on the earth? Is it safe here? This is a movie about the struggle to survive. But it's so much more! It's action, love, hate and even some comedy. This movie has it all! It lasts for 2 hours and 40 minutes, but not for one moment does it get boring. There are lots of plot twists that really get your imagination going. The movie makes you do some hard thinking.

Not only is the movie exiting and entertaining, it's also estethicly pleasing! Breathtaking is the word of choise for some of the sceenes. Not to mention the music which complement the visuals so well. I haven't seen a movie so estethlicly well done since 2001 a space odessy. And that movie was famos for just that.

If you haven't seen this movie yet, do it now! This is the best movie I've seen in a very long time! This is awful. Awful in every single sense - this length of three endless hours, this snotty sentimental atmosphere, these unbearably slow and hammy dialogs. Everything is poor and mediocre in this production. The tonality is set wrong and it is false all through. Then, the cast - Matthew McConaughey is teary, lame and languid. He is the weakest chain here and his efforts to be endearing or touchy do not touch or endear. Anne Hathaway? Probably, her worst part in years. Michael Caine? John Lithgow? Nope, lame at all costs. Avoid this poorly scripted, badly shot, lousily edited slowpoke of a torture. This is just a mere waste of time, and the idea is lost in utter drabness. Let's be honest - I did not understand the idea, the moral and the message. I was totally sucked and drained. And them, this horrendous loud music that deafens the dialog and simply deafens. Why? Why was that so loud and boring? In a word, bad. Bad, bad, bad thing. The worst in years, and I mean it. Having slogged through this movie, with every scene more painful to watch than the last, the overriding feeling I was left with was one of seething anger and resentment. Three hours of my life wasted watching this tripe when I could have been doing something more enjoyable, like sticking hot pins into my eyes or eating pieces of broken glass.

An hour into this supposed masterpiece of a film and I was wishing for a black hole of my own to crawl into, anything to escape the $160 million worth of steaming nonsensical horse sh*t closing in around me. I have never taken drugs but Interstellar is what I imagine a bad LSD trip is like.

What exactly was the point of the scene at the start with the Indian air force drone? and the school scene for that matter. Movie not long enough? - They didn't know about the massive cliff they were about to drive off? despite it only being a short drive from home? - Hang on,the secret NASA base just happens to be an easy drive from the farm? -Er, so the only way for er, future bookshelf-playing Coop to communicate with umm, past Coop is by using magic magnetic dust? - So you can send high quality video messages to Earth from the far reaches of space but the 'scientists' could only send rudimentary pings about the planets? - Returning to the house during the dust storm the driver bizarrely parks about 20 yards away from the front door, why? - 'Scientists' have the ability to design craft to fly to Saturn, through a wormhole, and LAND on planets, but are defeated by 'blight' whichdoesn't seem to affect the pristine baseball diamond? - A wormhole explained with a post it note and a pencil seemingly provides sufficient information for our hero to zoom off to said hole. 'Woah woah that's more than enough information for me slick' drawled our hero, 'I'll take it from here' - Those robots dear oh dear oh dear oh dear, a square box is apparently the most suitable design for a cramped spaceship? it's something my 3 year old builds using baby Lego - If NASA wanted Coop to fly the ship why didn't they er, phone him and ask? maybe even invite him to pop around for a visit considering he is only a short drive away - Why not just send the boxbot to collect the probe from the puddle planet? - So he floats through a black hole, down some kind of sparkly shaft until he ends up floating behind the bookcase?


This isn't sci-fi, it's a new genre I shall call 'magic comedy caper'. I had so much more to say but I can't bring myself to waste any more of my life on this nonsense. It's rubbish. The film is spectacular and starts off really nice and promises to be very interesting. But once the spaceship leaves the ground, the movie deteriorates rapidly, and as it progresses it becomes so unbelievable and ludicrous, that I left the theater quite annoyed and very disappointed. I didn't like most of the characters. They are clichés, and none made me sympathetic to their cause or character. The robot is also extremely familiar and it's design is ludicrous, trying to be both advanced and ancient at the same time. I really likes other films by the Nolan brothers, but it seems they don't give their scripts as much attention as they used to. A disappointment. The movie would be descent if it wasn't 3 hours long! Found myself and my friend begging for the ending so we could walk out the theater as we were somewhere in the middle of the row. I love the concept but I think it's too linear - no major twists in the story that could come from nowhere, everything is so predictable and could be packed in a maximum of 100 minutes. Also, the soundtrack was killing me throughout the whole movie. Too sad and without energy, not moving enough. I think that the soundtrack was there to kill any thrill you could enjoy watching this film. The animations are 10/10 but overall I was glad when I finally got out the theater. So - 1/10 is my final verdict. I came out of the film thinking it wasn't bad but it just wasn't good either. After 24 hours of mulling it over it's dropped further in my estimation. Initially I just thought that if he had presented the same stuff in 1hr 49mins instead of 2hrs 49mins it would have been good but having had time to reflect, even that would not save it.

I know that there is no sound in space but those moments of silence were really odd especially during explosions. It dulled all the excitement. The film was hugely lacking in suspense or tension.

There are so many things wrong with the film and they are all topped off with the cheese-ball ending.

Spoilers! Here are some of the irksome plot holes.

Her dad is the "ghost" in the bookshelf who leaves her a message. The message that he doesn't leave is "It's me, your Dad"

If our future selves can transport Cooper through time and space why not put him in the bedroom and not in the book case. Why leave a message in binary or morse, why not just write it in the dust with the gravity?

Why did Cooper take notice of the co-ordinates but not the message that said "Stay"?

Matt Damon was trying to describe how desperate he was to see fellow humans but no one gave a thought for the astronaut still on the main ship for 23 years.

If you had secretly built a rocket that was mankind's last hope why would you ask a farmer, an ex-pilot to fly it at a few days notice?

What the hell was Michael Caine rambling about in his death scene? What was he lying about and why the hell didn't our future selves communicate with him instead of a teenage girl?

Blackboard mathematics? Really? Do mathematicians still write on blackboards? I suspect they have something slightly more sophisticated. I have seen the Big Bang Theory and even Sheldon Cooper uses a whiteboard and dry wipe pens.

When Cooper disengages his craft and falls into the black hole so Brand can follow her heart it was so reminiscent of Bruce Willis staying behind in Armageddon that I wanted to barf. Not really a plot whole, just a reminder of more space hero cheese.

The biggest goof of all for me was the ending. His aged daughter tells him to go after Brand. Now, hang on a minute, didn't he set Brand on her way to find her lover Edmund? Did I miss something? Did people find out that Edmund was a gonner? I don't think so. That means Cooper is potentially on his way to be the biggest gooseberry in history (or in the future) ever? Imagine that, Brand and her lover Edmund all set to be the new Adam and Eve when Cooper flies in all ready to procreate.

I must have missed a key plot point. Had they fallen in love on the mission but there hadn't been time to cover it in 2hrs 49 mins?

My final comment: I liked the robots. This is easily one of the best movies I've seen in my life (and I'm not that young anymore!) Truly epic, basically this century's 2001 crossed with Gone with the Wind.

The first stand out thing is that it gets the physics right.

The second that if you have a child you will struggle to hold back the tears at some of the themes running through the movie.

The third that it manages to span generations while never loosing sight of the plot or the characters' development.

The fourth that after watching it you feel like you've sat through a tour de force and need a break just to process it all.

To say any more would ruin the plot, but wow ... Just wow! One of the worst movies ever. Painful. For ridiculously drugged out people or those lacking any knowledge whatsoever (take your pick)

Overacted, and pretentious. Moronic actors using big words with a total lack of understanding of what they mean.

I never want to see Anne Hathaway again... ever. I only want to see McConaughey was even worse, if that is possible.

I feel sorry for the actors who played small parts in this movie. I formerly had respect for most of them.

Some of the pictures were pretty cool. Too bad the dialog didn't rise to the level of the cinematography, but neither did the storyline. The characters were not fully developed in the story. It was silly. Where to start. For a movie which has a running theme of relativity and its effect on time the first point i should make is that its far too long. It feels like three movements joined together. The second of which will leave you checking your watch and pondering if you yourself are travelling beyond the speed of light and experiencing the slowdown of time. Visually its lovely, but the wonderful scenery doesn't make up for the often heavy scientific concepts that hold the story together. We are not talking Gravity level eye candy here but its still pretty nice. I also find it frustrating that in order to help us understand the difficult concepts, the characters feel the need to explain them to each other. One would think a team of hand picked experts for a super important mission that had been sat together in a tin can for years wouldn't have had to wait to the point of seeing a worm hole to have to explain its makeup to one another. Surly there is a better delivery method for hand holding? There is a bit of action in various parts which is genuinely suspenseful and enjoyable, but like space there are vast voids of emptiness. Lets break this down. This is not a movie for Joe Blogs. If cinematography and all that shtick is your bag, you'll probably dig it. If your looking for a bit of Sci-Fi escapism, this is not the new home your looking for......Amidst the stars in the galaxy known as Hollywood a deep mystery remains: who is Christopher Nolan as a filmmaker? After seeing Interstellar in IMAX, his ninth and least satisfying film, the question perpetuates. Nolan is one of the most powerful and bankable directors in the world. Together, his last four films earned nearly four billion dollars. Money builds opportunities and egos in Hollywood and consequently each entry in Nolan's filmography has grown in size and scope. Yet outside of his admiration for 35 mm film and practical effects, grasping Nolan's auteurist imprint is difficult. He says he wants to make the biggest film possible but so does Michael Bay. Nolan's films walk a difficult line, balancing large ideas and explosions, proving blockbusters don't have to be mindless. But these are studio films, without insight into the filmmaker himself like transparent ideological goals. In interviews, Nolan mirrors this impersonal nature. He is softly spoken, measured and serious, concurrent with the thematic goals of his films like the hidden identities of men.

In 2010 The Guardian asked if Nolan is the new Stanley Kubrick, a misguided comparison with superficial parallels. Kubrick distanced himself from Hollywood by owning his own cameras and editing equipment. He also relied on the specificity of images to create meaning rather than dialogue, making his films cinematic in form, not merely scope. Stylistically Terrence Malick (The Tree of Life) is a more appropriate companion to Kubrick. Artistically, Nolan shares more in common with Steven Spielberg as both directors inject ideas into the existing framework of sizable studio films. Spielberg was originally hired to direct Interstellar with Nolan's brother Jonathan writing the script from an idea by physicist Kip Thorne. Christopher Nolan replaced Spielberg and helped rewrite his brother's script. The first hour of Jonathan's original script was set on Earth and retained but his brother's decision to refine the space elements has drawn comparisons to Kubrick's flawed masterpiece 2001: A Space Odyssey and Spielberg's Close Encounters of the Third Kind.

To this point, I have enjoyed many of Nolan's films but Interstellar's script is terribly inconsistent. Using a mostly narrow, linear structure, the narrative hurls ideas at us about climate change, parenting, space exploration, time travel and alternate dimensions, but the script lacks refinement. The Nolans talk over us, not to us. In a self-conscious move to intellectualise a "save the world" story, they substitute detailed characterisation and backstory in favour of impenetrable scientific discussions about relativity and gravity. An embarrassingly rich cast is left to substantiate these thinly realised characters. Cooper, played by Matthew McConaughey, is a former pilot who is now a widowed farmer with two young children, including a girl named Murph (Mackenzie Foy) and an ageing father-in-law (John Lithgow).

Cooper, not dissimilar to Richard Dreyfuss in Close Encounters, is an archetype of the reckless parent who is sentimentally motivated by his children and largely only interesting because of McConaughey's predictable charisma. Earth is doomed because of dust storm and droughts, a nod to The Grapes of Wrath, leading Cooper to be tasked by Professor Brand (Michael Caine) with travelling into space and investigating three potentially inhabitable planets. Another major character is Brand's astronaut daughter Amelia (surely named after Amelia Earhart), played by Anne Hathaway. Her reliable expressiveness instills some surface emotions to an otherwise stony character, with no backstory or arc. Other actors are either underused or have distracting cameos. An actress the quality of Jessica Chastain deserved a bigger part but only features deep into the story in a forgettable role as the adult Murph.

This time the self-seriousness which gave the Batman films a unique stylistic tone is Nolan's Achilles' heel. While desperate for the story to emotionally resonate, resorting to extended close-ups of Cooper crying for leaving his children behind, he remains unaware of the story's absurdity. It is an insurmountable task when the dialogue is dry, textbook theory and the plotting becomes increasingly ridiculous, attempting to marry between the spaces of a bookcase shelf the pretensions of alternate dimensions with a family melodrama. There are also episodes where the stock characters fail to move us. During the exploration of the first planet a side character is killed, which expectedly strikes a chord with Cooper and Amelia, but matters little to us when we've barely come to know the character's name. Other singular moments remind us of how skillful Nolan is with set pieces. The first entry into outer space is intensely realised, with the galaxy being simultaneously beautiful and dangerous. The infrequency of these emotions stresses how undisciplined the narrative is, particularly in an incoherent, final hour, which doesn't utilise the multilayered structure of The Dark Knight Rises or strike Inception's emotional high notes.

Watching the film in the IMAX format is as inconsistent as the narrative. Hoyte van Hoytema, the usually reliable Dutch-Swedish photographer who shot Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Her and Let the Right One In with great symmetry, has replaced Nolan's regular photographer Wally Pfister. Surprisingly, the early scenes on Cooper's farmhouse are poorly lit and the images are muddy and graining, a deliberate imitation of the sandstorms, but an ugly choice all the same. Other shots use the full volume of the IMAX screen and the scale is impressive. Some of the galactic images are awe-inspiring and vivid but their scarcity coupled with the tight, obstructed camera-work inside the spacecraft, is disappointing. Uncharacteristically, Nolan's pacing is also laborious, dragging the film to his longest running time of nearly three hours. The film isn't as calculated as 2001, a difficult feat for any director, but pales substantially to last year's terrific Alfonso Cuaron film Gravity, which eclipses Interstellar for precision. It was made for sixty-five million dollars less. It is half the length and aside from being a technically superior film, it understands the futility of a large canvas unless our emotional investment is supported by strong characters. 1. Far far too long. Nearly 3 hours?

2. 50% of McConnaughey's dialogue totally incomprehensible. He hardly moves his lips so what he says comes out as a hoarse whisper. Didn't have that problem listening to Michael Caine, Anne Hathaway or Matt Damon.

3. Characters doing random things that had no logic. Why did Matt Damon suddenly attack Cooper?

4. That annoying thing where actors suddenly start explaining the plot. "We're approaching a wormhole. So, tell me all about wormholes". "Ok, this is how it goes...."

5. Mostly, the film was just boring. Lots of films last around the 3 hour mark and you need to have something to keep the audience's interest going. My interest lapsed around the halfway mark. Earth is overpopulated and plants are dying from drought, dust is everywhere and starting to be a problem. This is all what we were told by a movie, everything that we should know (they think). So instead of trying to solve these problems by inventing new food forms, by ocean water demineralization or just soft decreasing of population to numbers Earth can sustain best minds came up with ingenious plan - go through suddenly discovered wormhole and see what happens. Instead of sending drones they sent bunch of people through to a no-return mission, three having reported of habitable planet each.

It is when things started to become interesting. NASA picks up some random guy pilot (McConaughey) to lead mission to these three planets, all of them coincidentally in the same system, orbiting a black hole. COME ON, three planets orbiting a black hole? If you want to live here, you might be insane. However, in a retarded fashion he decides to leave his young daughter on dying earth to pursue his all-life-mission. Some more absurd plot decision happens when he then decide to land planet with such twisted space-time (because it is near blackhole, remember - we are watching movie pretending to make sense scientifically) that it has time accelerated 60000 times comparing to earth.

Nothing very interesting happens next, three non-essential persons just die, Matt Damon being one of them by going nuts for absolutely no reason. In the end McConaughey diving into a black hole (finally making sense sequence) leaving only one woman in a mission (Hathaway) to land a planet she wanted first were her supposed lover landed previously. And while soundtrack plays loudly to draw attention from following absurd plot twist, main hero spends 60 years in another dimension translating quantum equations to his daughter on Earth which will solve all problems and allow six billions people to escape. By the way all these years everyone was just waiting, absolutely no one bothered to send more expeditions so busy they were all solving Einstein equations.

Why so silly? With so many numerous big and small plot holes this can't be serious movie. Main hero acting like a retard (or actually he is), his daughter soon-big-girl solving biggest scientific problem in history, two absolutely useless crew members with funny robot as a company and a woman supposed to be main-hero's girlfriend, a lier as main scientist and a bunch of another useless people. Even CGI can not save the day. We were told that black hole CGI supposed to be most realistic than ever, but it was pictured in roughly 1.5 scenes at best. Soundtrack is fine, but it is played so loudly, in disharmony with deep space atmosphere and in some scenes being unnecessary as well.

So what we have in the end? It just looked like they tried to make big, really BIG move about space travel and physic phenomenons, but somehow missed big picture and not really payed attention to the details, ignoring common sense which eventually led to a failure. Sadly, good opportunity to create such movie in the uncharted territory was wasted
Interstellar is one of my favorite science-fiction and family oriented movies I have ever watched. It is a perfect depiction of a movie that makes you think outside the box (literally!) and needs at least two watches to fully grasp the ideas and concepts in the movie. As a science-geek myself, I thoroughly enjoyed the physics aspect of it. For instance, the concept of time and fifth dimension in the movie are the two things that stood to me the most. As an astrophysical based movie, Nolan connects the science fiction story to a more sentimental aspect - family and love. Despite the movie having a deeper understanding and explanation of the alternative universe that exists, it emphasizes the importance of family. It also plays a major role in portraying the relationship between a father & daughter who undergo many sacrifices. As the movie progresses, the understanding of the movie progresses too. What I find most intriguing about Interstellar is that it engages audiences from the get-go and the person will always be interested to know what will occur next. Overall it is a great watch for a person what likes to have a balance between physics, love and space!A very well done and mind-blowing movie! Amazing film work and CGI. Great acting and a very good ending. Definitely room for improvement in pacing and screen writing, but still one of my personal favorites.The movie was slow and confusing.An epic everything for its dramatic foundation; an issue that makes it closer to a documentary than a drama.lindo beautiful amazingA spectacular sci-fi film. The pacing of the story kept you engaged through the entire 3 hour long feature. The concept explored in this movie were very cool and thought provoking. The ending of the movie was not something anyone expected. It was cool and original and creative. This movie is a trip that leaves you thinking about it long after your viewing pleasure is complete.An absolute masterpiece. This movie made me feel a way I've never felt before and invoked emotion beyond what I thought was possible for a movie to do. This movie is magical in so many ways including story, acting, raw emotion, sound track, and so much more. These "critics" have destroyed this movies credibility and rode it off, but one day people will realize how much of a masterpiece this film is. I'm 20 years old for reference, and I've seen a lot of movies at the theatre but this movie has always drawn me back to its incredible story and emotion it brought me. I'm not sure I'll ever feel something as unique as I did when I saw this for the first time at the theatre. All I have to say is try and watch. One of my favorite movies of all time no matter what any critic has to say about it. A Perfect rating isn't possible... it's necessary.an unmissable classic of this generation. An excellent production that shows common and sensitive points to all types of viewers, mixing reality and fiction in a way little worked on films. Points like love, friends and family are treated as a basis for exploring the laws of physics. Works on themes such as family, universe, science and survival, creating a surprising ending.Another great delivery from Nolan. Watched this one multiple times.Great film but that third act... They bent more than just timeIt failed to appreciate the science fictional breakthroughs as observed, a mismatch between every day reality on earth and the level of movie mission. I understand there's a lot to unpack, but in this genre, gaps totally ruined my experience.You think space movies have a boring and cliche storyline? Well you definitely need to watch this. Nolan fixed the genre's reputation and set a high bar for future space movies. Interstellar is arguably Nolan's masterpieceOne of the few films I feel deserves to be attached to the scale of the word "epic". It's long, but in a way that feels worthy, constantly exploring new avenues through what a "space movie" could be. It's trippy, visually arresting stuff.Directed by the great Christopher Nolan , Interstellar obviously is one of The best and most enjoyable viewing experiences in my life . The movie gave us the best role ever of Matthew McConaughey With greats performances of Anne Hathaway , Jessica Chastain And Michael Caine . The way of photography was simply a masterpiece, and the selected photography sites were perfect, and I don't think it is possible to find a better one . Music was a fantasy by the genius Hans Florian Zimmer and of course it has a big role in the attachment with the movie with the movie . Once you enter watching the movie, it starts taking you to dimensions you never expect and makes you feel part of it. As for the end of the movie, it will make you realize values and lessons that will remain in your mind forever.. When the movie ends, you will realize that it is very difficult and even unlikely to see a movie of the same level as interceller . To everyone who has not seen this masterpiece, I highly recommend you to watch it, you will enjoy it. A big greeting to everyone who contributed to this project. Peace.Sorry, but I found the whole film extremely slow and boring and was happy when it ended. I was amazed at how many people rated it good.Beautiful masterpiece of a movie made by one of the greatest directors.يبدأ الفيلم بصياغة جديدة لمعضلة قديمة، عن خيارات صالح البشرية مقابل صالح نفسك ومن تحب. لا يكفي ان يكون لديك جواب لمًا هو "صحيح"، بل يجب ان تحكم على حكم روبوتات ذات حواسب كمية تمكنت من تطوير وعي بالذات وتشعر بالأنانية وتطور أفكارا فوق منطقية (روحية!) لتضاهي الانسان في حب الحياة والخوف من العدم. هذا فعل فيزياء الكم في الحواسيب، فكيف سيتناول المخرج هذا المبدأ الجديد (فيزياء الكم/الأكوان المتعددة) ليقدمه لنا ليس فقط بشكل قابل للفهم، بل ليساعدنا على تخليق أفكار/تصورات جديدة حول الدين والروح والعقل. في رأيي أن قمة إبداع المخرج/ كريستوفر نولان لم يكن في مشهد العبور من خلال الثقب الأسود وتصوير/تصوُّر شكل "أفق الحدث"، بل كان الإبداع في سبك/صوغ ما وراء الثقب الأسود -مشهد المكتبة- وكيف أمكن ان تبدو "الاحتمالات اللانهائية" للأكوان المتعددة فيما وراء الأبعاد المادية، في بُعد ما حيث أمكن في حلقة وسيطة بين (الأبعاد الخمسة) و (الأبعاد الثلاثة المادية) أن تتصل الماورائيات (الأرواح!) بالموجودات المادية خارج مفهومي المنطق والزمن. عمل مبدع يجعلنا نتسائل علميًا/منطقيًا .. هل العاطفة هي جزء أصيل (غير مفهوم) من العلم؟ وهل الحدس هو حديث الروح فيما وراء الابعاد الثلاثة للمادة؟This could have been a masterpiece. The beauty Interstellar aims for is unparalleled, although this very endeavour of reaching for the stars leaves everything else that makes a movie more than just great behind to asphyxiate on its own. After all, who knew a movie's biggest weakness could turn out to be love.Christopher Nolan surprises moviegoers yet again with another (Inception, you've seen it, right?) mind-bending (and blowing) sci-fi movie. Armed with an impressive cast and a physics professor to keep abreast of the latest discoveries in physics (though I suspect they're all just theories), Interstellar is literally unstoppable. Although the movie's attempt to keep in line with scientific accuracy makes the plot pretty hard to understand, Interstellar is very cleverly narrated and succeeds in captivating viewers with its beautiful, grand cinematography (such an aesthetic depiction of space). I was also surprised at how the movie portrays wormholes and black holes differently (more realistic, I guess?) from the predominant spiral-like shape, which gives them a much more mystifying and wonderous tone. The film makers really tried hard to boost Interstellar's faithfulness in its theme, didn't they (I can go as far as to call this flick a documentary film)? There're small details that might grab your attention, you know. As for the story, I can say that it's intriguing enough, maybe even more than enough. Space-adventure can be a bit dull and even boring for some (my feelings towards it are well, neutral), but Interstellar is nothing like that. I, with utter confidence, can declare that the movie is ‘very' exciting and suspenseful. Interstellar is a mixture of science, drama, love, and dust (don't forget the blight as well). Anyway, in my opinion, the father-daughter storyline was very well-chosen as the main plot since its quite enjoyable and heartwarming. Matthew McConaughey is splendid as Joseph Cooper, so the story moves on smoothly. I think all the actors were given the right roles to play, though some of the characters don't do much (wish I could have seen more of Anne Hathaway's Dr. Amelia Brand). As is Nolan's usual habit, an astonishing twist awaits us in the movie (the revelation came as a complete shock to me, mostly because I wasn't expecting it at all). Then, as the twist plays out, we're introduced to Dr. Mann (Matt Damon). I mentioned him because he was the only character in the whole movie who succeeds in disappointing me. I'm not going to say much about him since Dr. Mann plays an essential role in moving forward the plot, but I just want to say that his motives are somewhat irrational (not that all villains' intentions have to make sense). Now finally, the ending. I understand perfectly that due to the immense gravitational pull of Gargantua (which is a black hole), time moved much slower for Cooper and his team. And that by getting sucked into the black hole, Cooper was able to communicate with Murph via some forth dimensional mobile network. But how in the world did Cooper escape from the black hole? I don't get it. I mean, according to science, if something enters the Event Horizon, nothing, not even light, can evade the black hole's clutches. So how did Cooper manage this time-traveling fit? (I'm not much of a physics expert, so the reason for that particular situation might exist out there somewhere, but don't blame me for that) Anyhow, here's my conclusion: Interstellar is interesting and all, but without some basic knowledge of the physics used in the movie, it's going to be a perplexing journey through that black hole.One word : Masterpiece.One of the best movies I've ever seen!Simply my favorite movie of all time. Epic music, epic cast, epic plot. I love this movie so much!Expository dialogues spoil the film.That was good. Though it was pretty damned long, I was not getting bored. I felt strong power of love of family. Astronauts went all the way to other galaxy but what helps to get them connect with people living on the earth was love. Their strong emotional bonds is the key of this movie. I also like how space was showed in this film. There are no sounds out side of space craft. That makes me understand emptiness of universe. There is nothing. And astronauts feel despair of where they are. Many incidents made me stay watching the screen. For example, when there is tsunami where they land, I hold my breathe. It was thrilling. It was good."Once you're a parent, you're the ghost of your children's future." 🪐 Ambitious, loud and sublime, almost to a fault, the 2014 sci-fi epic from blockbuster auteur Christopher Nolan fascinates, and drains, on an emotionally charged three hour odyssey that's sure to leave audiences overwhelmed, just as the writer-director intended. Boldly going where few filmmakers have gone before, Nolan, alongside his longtime writing partner and brother Jonathan, proves he's at his best when interweaving breathtaking landscapes, heart-pumping set pieces and stunning cinematography with affecting character moments, poetic storytelling and poignant themes. Receiving a mixed response from critics when first released, much criticism was thrown at the film's lofty runtime, melodramatic sequences and clunky dialogue, yet these fail to tarnish an otherwise captivating and thought-provoking experience. Soon to be seen in the same pantheon of sci-fi classics from Stanley Kubrick and Ridley Scott, Earth's finest all turn in fantastic work, such as a superb leading man performance by Matthew McConaughey, strong supporting efforts from Anne Hathaway and Michael Caine, and the career-best Hans Zimmer score that slingshots this picture into another dimension. 9/10 cold cryostasis cameos.Híjole... aunque es una película muy aclamada, la verdad es que no me gustó. No está mal hecha pero me pareció sumamente pretenciosa e inconsistente. Presume de estar muy bien fundamentada científicamente pero de repente tiene errores garrafales. Narrativamente tampoco me pareció la gran cosa, la idea central es muy sencilla pero le da demasiadas vueltas tratando de hacerla interesante... en fin, supongo que es una opinión con la que muchos no coincidirán.Interstellar is a masterpiece and is one of my favorite films of all time My grade: A+Even tho the first 20 minutes of the movie had they problems I belive this movie is one of the most artistic and Creative ones out there amazing and a must see for everyone out thereThe tomatoemeter rating really dissapoints me. This movie deserves a 90%+ rating which isn't seen. This film is so meticulously directed by the legendary Cristopher Nolan that, unfortunately failed to be completely understood by the audience. The chaos, turmoil and the scenes that make you jump out of your couch really shows what space-time travel actually means. The relationship between father and daughter is so hysterically touching. This movie is an unforgettable piece of art.Contrived. Why did Boyd stay outside?A hopeful look at humanity's future. Christopher Nolan's science-fiction adventure drama Interstellar (2014) is a breathtaking vision of space exploration to save humanity from starvation due to a new dust bowl. Christopher Nolan and Jonathan Nolan's script is interesting in concept, but a plethora of scientific jargon just loses my interest quickly. I like certain sci-fi films, but they can get depressing during the post-apocalyptic scenes alongside endless science exposition to explain what the plot is about to the audience who would have no clue otherwise. Their human drama gets very sentimental and melodramatic, which is out of place for a Nolan feature. I will say I found Interstellar cathartic and poignant by the end with sincerely moving drama, but it can veer off course at times. Interstellar is not one of Nolan's better films with its slow pace and lack of action. I loved the emotional opening that unfortunately leads into a dull and boring middle. However, the entire third act is all phenomenal and thought provoking. From the water and ice planets onwards, I was riveted by the space concepts put into something tangible I could relate to alongside excellent action and harrowing drama. I found the start genuinely emotional as characters are introduced and ripped apart by fate, which endears you to the lead all the more. The central passage of space exploration feels more like space travel until a shocking reveal happens mid journey leading into the action packed finale. Interstellar is no 2001, Apollo 13, or Ad Astra, but it's as good as First Man and way better than Gravity. Interstellar is ideologically opposite of Ad Astra as the former wants humanity to reach for the stars, while the latter would have us focus on our home first. Nolan's direction is captivating so that Interstellar's 169 run-time is not jarring. His clear love of sci-fi is apparent with ambitious and stunning visual effects with groundbreaking scientific concepts. Hoyte van Hoytema's cinematography is breathtaking as space has never looked so vast. Stars, wormholes, black holes, and planets pass by with equal grace in Hoytema's magnificent wide shots. Lee Smith's editing is pretty sleek for such a large picture. He keeps the pace steady to match Hoytema's visual style. Interstellar sometimes feels like a roller coaster the audience is forced on with scary spaceship rocking and spinning like something out of a spatial nightmare. Hans Zimmer notably composes one of his most refined and enthralling scores for Interstellar. His lovely melodies are a far cry from his pounding Batman scores or his blaring Inception music. Zimmer clearly took the criticisms of his music seriously after detractors had called his scores too loud, obnoxious, and in the way. Interstellar sounds full of serene symphonic melodies and chilling organ passages. Zimmer's use of the organ in Interstellar is second to none. Hans Zimmer complements the intensely emotional scenes as well as the frightening cosmic action alike! Matthew McConaughey is fantastic as the astronaut Joseph Cooper. His devastating displays of dejection and loss are Earth shattering to watch. McConaughey plays Coop seriously with an affection for family and a respect for piloting that makes his character Cooper incredibly riveting. He has a great chemistry with Anne Hathaway's Dr. Amelia Brand. She is so focused, mean, and blunt you will not even recognize Hathaway with her pixie cut and dry humor. I like her a lot in Interstellar. Jessica Chastain is excellent as the conflicted adult Murph. She brings a sense of knowledge and gravitas to Murph that makes her genius believable. Mackenzie Foy is outstanding and heartbreaking as young Murph. It's too cool that Christopher Nolan cast Ellen Burstyn as old Murph with her wizened intellectual presence. Michael Caine is wonderful and intriguing as Professor John Brand. His bedside scene is hard to watch as he feels so real there. John Lithgow is hard hitting with his advice and criticisms. Casey Affleck is excellent as the jaded adult Tom, while icon of his generation Timothée Chalamet is underused as the young Tom. They both could have been developed more as Nolan cast two of the greatest actors alive and didn't give them many lines. Bill Irwin is fun as the voice of the sarcastic robot TARS. Matt Damon is phenomenal and arguably my favorite aspect of Interstellar as the unreal villain of Interstellar named Dr. Mann. His crazy twist is shocking and exciting to watch Damon act his heart out for Nolan. David Gyasi plays broken, weak, and intellectually strange well as Dr. Romilly. Wes Bentley is good as Dr. Doyle, but is not as memorable as the rest of the cast. Topher Grace is an alarmingly distracting casting decision that I didn't care for as he doesn't even get to do anything interesting as Getty. Everyone else in the cast served their purpose, but didn't blow my mind. In all, Interstellar is a well made film with an interesting concept. It goes overboard with certain sci-fi concepts, but I enjoyed the bizarre ending twist as well as the stranger logic throughout Interstellar. Nolan is such an engaging director that he can make anything cool.Interstellar is a movie that people love to hate on because of its "controversial" ending, but it remains a tremendously ambitious project, even for Nolan's standards, that deserves great respect for that. The cinematography is off the charts, and Zimmer's score is one for the ages, making the first viewing a truly amazing and mind-bending experience.Unrealistic and doesn’t make any sense. Is also very weird.A little bit too much deus ex machina for me... which will mean a bit more for you once you see the movie. However, the ending bumped it up to 4 out of 5 for me. Not a bad flick!Confusing, but amazing! McConaughey's performance is outstanding!Breathtaking. Best ever astrophysics film.This is the best space movie i ever seenAn overrated misfire by Christopher Nolan that, despite being a visual marvel, suffers from an uneven narrative and a baffling twist ending that would make more sense if it was directed by M. Night Shyamalan.I'll never tire of rewatching this movie.Christopher Nolan always leads to thrilling time and space implosions with a great focus on the technical side. Recommended. My rating: 8,5/10I absolutely loved this movie, it really makes you think. I love the way they used close-ups and showing a lot of emotion. There is a stacked cast and Matthew McConaughey shows so much emotion I almost cried when he saw his children. This film achieves something like 1917 did on a technical level. The sound design elevates the story and Han Zimmers score is amazing he is my favorite composer working now. The editing is fabulous. The movie creates such good characters with them being compelling and he gets asked to go in space and he doesn't know when he's going to return we don't want him to go because he will miss his family but he has to go and do the right thing. I loved the story it kept me wanting more and more and it kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish wondering what will happen. There is one thing towards the very end of the movie that may throw people off but I feel it really worked for what it was going for. There is one critique I have with the movie and it is that the ending is very confusing. Overall I loved it and would recommend it to anyone but watch it twice to get the bigger picture.This is one of or even the best movie I’ve ever seen! This is one I’ll be watching over and over. Thank you Christoper Nolan.I liked the film,characters very intertaining colorful, plot moving and touching, ating brilliant and superb, writing original and realistic, Special effects incredible and dreadful,Songs catchy and moving. But few heroes. Also very beautiful scenery, and interesting story.This movie will take you on a journey out of your body and will leave your mind blown you should watch it and by the end of it you will be wanting to know moreSo good , the actora ,visual effects , sound and history are perfect , and the habilities of Christopher Nolan is one of the best of the historyOne of the best Sci-fi movies in a Long Time. definitely a must see.How can you not love this movie. Just sit back and let your inner child enjoy all of the possibilities.... even the unrealistic ones. And what an amazing soundtrack. The music itself gave me goosebumps. If you’re a dreamer then this film is for you.The first and middle parts of the movie are great. But the whole plot with Matt Damon's character seemed unnecessary. And the ending was just terrible. Why bother to be so up-to-date on the current science for the first half of the film if you're just going to blow it all up with a ridiculous, nonsensical ending like that? A lot of potential was wasted here.It left deep emotions with me. In the first 30 minutes, it appeared like a B movie. But fortunately, I couldn't be more wrong with this hastened impression. It went away quickly and never come to my mind again. One of the few films I always remember.Stunning visuals and mind-bending.Stunning. The story and mesmeric performances of the cast pull you with it to the furthest, scariest and most beautiful reaches of space.With another fresh concept Nolan inducts himself as one of the most unpredictable directors of all time. His mysterious and dark tone is still present here but this movies effects driven story is why it didn't quite fit a four star expectations. That being said this movie has some of the best special effects I've ever seen in a movie. The performances could also be considered a highlight as all the actors fit their roles shockingly well. The reason its not a higher rating is because its story at some points was confusing and it was hard to pick up what was even happening. I fully agree with its current RT score. I also think the music plays such a large role in you being intrigued in the movie.The greatest movie of all timeChristopher Nolan takes space and its never-ending mysteries in a film that leaves you with great wonder and curiosity. Beautiful in every aspect. Go to sci-fi movieSpectacular movie, i think is one of the best things Christopher Nolan had done, is exciting, is interesteting and somehow, they scored mixing the sadness with the hopefulness. Wonderfull.Very difficult film to followOne of the greatest movies of all timeTries to pack way too much into one slot so that it gets difficult to keep track of where we're heading. The resolution and climax stretch the boundaries of imagination to the edge of absurdity with a big dose of sentimentality thrown in an attempt to distract us. Notwithstanding the film's premise, apparently it's not exotic quantum physics after all, it is actually LOVE that saves us. DisappointingO meu filme preferido da vida, simplemente perfeito, história complexa e que faz tu pensar na questão do tempo, que passa depressa na vida. Final bem deprimente mas ao mesmo tempo feliz.Interstellar is an amazing movie and Christopher Nolan's best work. It is an emotional journey and very riveting. Aside from that, also entertaining. 11/10 starsChristopher Nolan delivers another instant classic with an unforgettably beautiful soundtrack by Hans Zimmer.Flawless story, including beautiful space and family's loveAmazing, spectacular, emotional movie, that you won't forget.A true masterpiece! Deserves higher rating than this actually. If you love sci-fi movies, then you would definitely love Interstellar.Must watch. One of the best space movies ever made.Can't believe most of the critics, totally underrated. I got deeply impacted by this film.Overrated, in my opinion. Beautiful cinematography and great effects but the story feels incomplete and the world building isn't quite developed properly.(Non-native english, correct me if I did some mistakes) Interstellar is one of the few movies in this decade that marked me for for good. Even if good actors and good director doesn't necesarily translate into a good film, this is a perfect example of this type of synergy, between Nolan and Zimmer. Soundtrack is spot on; I had the chance to see this movie in a theater, I hope anyone can experience in such conditions or at least a similar one. Sound design is both very comforting and frightening, and emotionally powerful overall. Both casting and acting displays are Art style is wonderful, I think we've got some of the best pictures that a space futuristic projection can offer. Even though it doesn't claim to be scientifically 100% accurate - which is impossible as we know only few about this -, the black hole representation is literally breathtaking. Filling the whole screen with this sinister yet fascinating darkness, Gargantua is welcomed with a superb soundtrack which makes this scene an incredible experience. *Heavy spoilers from here* Scenario is quite enjoyable. I completely understand that it can be deceiving for some people, because the "deus ex machina" that brought Cooper back to our dimension is pulled off "Love". But this wasn't the real explaination; Tesseract is created by future Cooper colony create the same colony. Cooper says: "We brought ourselves here" when understanding the situation. That's why we only saw Murphy's room while in the Tesseract, not love. Problem remaining: How could the first Cooper colony exist in the first time ? Cooper couldn't have access to the Tesseract, if there was no Cooper colony in any timeline yet, because the Tesseract is created by them. This could've been solved by the theoriy that time doesn't exist in the Tesseract so it always happened once. (Which is pretty quick explaination for such complex concept) That said, scenario is still quite incredible, in both meanings for some people. *End spoilers* As a space science amateur, I was fairly interested to see it, and I do not regret my time.Great direction, cinematography etcA film that doesn't reveal its brilliance on first viewing. Interstellar is maturing beautifully and feels more and more relevant.This movie is one of my favourite movies... It have everything I love in It... First made by Christopher Nolan, Second Epic Univers action/story, third Science Astrophysics simplified... Forth amazing track song by Hans Zimmer, fifth a graphic signature.Very very good but got me a little sad thinking about stuff but would definitely recommendA lot of movies don't get me emotionally attached as this one did. The science aspect is great, but the human aspect is what gets you. Being alone with no sure way of knowing if you'd be found. Knowing that your children are ageing faster than you. All that comes into play. Great story arch, great film.It's absolutely the best movie that i ever watched.Interstellar is possibly Christopher Nolan's most ambitious film to-date, which says a lot in and of itself. This science fiction epic is marvelously executed with a very strong emotional core, and some intriguing visual representations of abstract concepts. Those expecting 2001 might be disappointed with how much this film relies on exposition, but if you're familiar with the director's writing style, you'll know to go in expecting a more Contact-like experience than 2001.One of the greatest movies by Christopher NolanI loved this movie so much. Years later it can still move me to tears.AMAZING!! I'm still waiting for the sequel!This is the last movie i will see from this Director...great ideas do not always lead to good movies. it started strong...then went off a cliff...I waited through the boredom waiting for it to payoff but it never did!!The best realistic space exploration movie ever made.One of my favorite movies of all time, the intricate plotline and the amazing scenes of cinematography are amazingly beautiful and brilliant. Nolan does amazing here and McConaughey does as well.If you LOVED the movie "Contact", you'll LIKE this movie. They are a lot alike. It was a good movie, but its open-mindedness created a world that didn't really provide any "closure" for the viewer. Maybe that's the nature of truth? who knows. All I know is that people generally don't regret seeing it, but they don't love it either.Interstellar is how a good sci-fi movie should be. Interstellar is Christopher Nolan's experimental space epic almost half a decade in the making. There was extra work taken to ensure scientific accuracy and artistic quality. All of it pays out at the end of this unforgettable film. Interstellar is a beautiful, slow yet intense move that spans for about three hours. Though it does take time to move the plot, more is done in for the sake of exposition and world(s)-building. The visual effects of this film are astonishing. Also, I applaud Nolan's decision to hire Hans Zimmer on this masterpiece. Without his mesmerizing work, this film would have felt incomplete. Interstellar came out at a time there was waning government interest in space. Funding was cut for NASA and we were unsure if we'd ever launch a space mission again. But with the success of Interstellar among other events, we're back to seeing space exploration in the cultural mainstream. The cultural impact of this movie cannot be forgotten when discussing this film. 5/5. Favorited. Stellar (heh) performance by all actors and those who worked on this film.ce by all actors and those who worked on this film.One of the greatest Sci-Fi movies! Christopher Nolan took it to another level.The scientific accuracy, amazing visuals and a compelling plot are just some of the many things about Interstellar that keep you excited and curious until the very end, along with a brilliant lead performance from Matthew McConaughey.Trash. Wayyyyy too long and pointlessOne of the best movies ever made. Has the perfect combination of realistic time travel and space repercussions for both astronaut and family!me pone la piel de gallinami pelicula favoritaOne of the best ideas and executions of a movie ever made.This movie is quite frankly amazing. I am constantly surprised by the really well made films of Christopher Nolan. This movie is by far the best of the few he has made. I was constantly sitting on the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next. I highly recommend this movie for adults with more patience and appreciation for the art of film.One of best movies ever done with drama and science.Interstellar has a very compelling but convoluted plot that will leave everyone satisfied and in awe of what they just witnessed.Just the best movie I've ever sawThis movie is a masterpiece in almost every way. If this was the baseline for most movies available to watch today I would never leave the couch.What an incredible movie!No film has ever kept me on the edge of my seat like this one, which uses epic music, amazing visuals, and an emotional story to captivate youA movie which makes you feel like you've experienced a once in a lifetime phenomenon. As introspective and truly existential as it is, this beautiful masterpiece uses astrophysics to tell an incredible love story as much as the incredible love story is a boat to show such incredible science behind both the factual universe and potential universal realities left undiscovered. With stellar acting from both Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway and amazing direction from Christopher Nolan, Interstellar finds a way to make such a dire situation for humanity turn into an outstanding adventure full of hope and paramount fear which results in one of the greatest scientific movies ever made to date.One of the best pieces of Sci-Fi.This movie does a perfect job connecting science, especially physics with a great storyline. Christopher Nolan did a great job giving us one of the most complex storylines in the history of movies. Together with the amazing soundtrack by Hans Zimmer, the movie is one of the greatest I've seen so far.Best film I've ever seen by one of my favorite directors.Impressive. Nailed me down. One of the best I've ever seen.Overrated. Good visuals and informative about physics but full of chicles: Hot disturbed widower saves the planet and gets with the girl after travelling through a black hole..surprise!One of the most scientifically accurate movies I have ever seen. Except for the black hole travel part. The world, the characters, the entire film is a masterpiece. As for my family's opinion they think I'm crazy lol it's boring etc. It's all opinion.Hauntingly beautiful filmmaking. The Hans Zimmer Organ Score is one of his best. Not enough credit will be given to the scientific accuracy, with Kip Thorne (The Nobel Prize winning Physicist behind LIGO) acting as scientific advisor.las actuaciones son perfectas, amo ese ambiente de padre hija que el elenco le da a el filme, otra cosa es que los efectos visuales tambien son geniales, no son innovadores pero le va muy bien a la peliculaStory mind-bending and Direction and Sound/Music Design supreme.a masterpiece, pure and simple. great story. superb interpretations.Christopher Nolan is one of the best directors in Hollywood. Every work is breathtaking and Interstellar give us details that even after watching thousands of times you are not able to notice. The science behide it is almost perfect and give us, fans of the universe a special view of it. One of the best sci-fi movies. The only thing I could say, WATCH IT NOW!One of the best movies to ever exist!I love all of nolans film, but this one is especially wonderful. Meant for the big imax theaters I am excited for when they decode to bring this one back to theater.Excellent movie with some very cool TwistsWonderful! Pure wonder!Chockablock full of idiotic ideas, I found it amazing this even got made much less garnered positive reviews. Making an imbecilic plotline into a form of sick torture Matthew Maconaughy spends most of his onscreen time huffing and puffing and generally sounding like he's swallowed his mike. Anne Hathaway is as credible as Kermit the Frog would have been playing Thor and ending this abomination with her wet, sopping voice supposedly offering hope for someone starting a colony with no resources and no breeding stock was just too much to take. As if Earth's best hope would be found by depleting the planet's final resources by jettisoning some human flotsam into a black hole is imbecilic beyond all comprehension. There is nothing good about this utter twaddle that goes on and on for three hours until I wished I had been shot into a singularity just to make the torment stop.The best movie I've ever seen.Christopher Nolan nails the suspense in this movie. There were numerous times where I was on the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next. This movie was not only appealing to the cinematic eye, but also to those who like to ponder deep concepts of science and astrology. This movie was capped off by a great performance by its lead actors which draws you into the emotion within the story.The best film ever , interestellarOne of my favorite movies everBrilliant. Dramatic. Suspenseful. Groundbreaking. Excellent soundtrack. Prepare to leave earth for a journey into the unknown. This is the type of film that can only be watched in a theatrical environment, big high definition screen, perfect sound system, as the 2 go hand in hand to fully appreciate this masterpiece.It so good great scifi movie about saving mankind and father and daughter story an a way.The more you watch it, the more you realize how epic of a movie it truly is. Accuracy, imagination, sountrack, acting; all superb. One of the most beautiful movies ever created.McCaugnhey absolutely smashes it once again! Beautifully shot, intense music, great plot, easy of the special effects, nothing too far fetch and we bit off intellectual science thrown in, top 5 all time films.Not just a film, it is an experience!One of the best movies this decade.A visually beautiful experience, even on a crap TV.I think it's very good movie cause it's have a good plot, characters, graphics, when we watch this movie we can feell ourselfs on the Coper's place, we can understand his feellings, and I really enjoy it. It's feells like you are the main character of this story.Simply one of the greatest movies ever made, and one of my all-time favorites. I was literally on the edge of my seat the entire film, and even though "Interstellar" was nearly 3 hours long, I felt that the time passed by so quickly. Not a dull moment at all and an incredibly satisfying experience from start to finish. Science fiction movies will never be the same after this, and "Interstellar" was probably the best movie of this decade.a Must see movie, the greatest space adventure experience so farBeautiful movie with special effects and another world ending movie that does add some twists and turns. Its debatable how good they are and if they draw you in. This is 100% a one time see type of movie to get full effect of what its going for but doesn't change the same message of Murphy's law that anything that can happen does.Great movie, wish they made more awesome sci-fi movies of such high caliber as this 1.Absolutely stunning in every aspect. Not for the feeble minded, so I understand the low rating. Nolan, McConaughey, and Zimmer at their best. Find a new reason to love the film with every viewing.It was weirdly interesting. I was thinking "what the heck" for most of it. But it has a great soundtrack, although it is a little bit long. Watch in high definition!Best space film I've ever seen.i dont even understand the plotBetter than Gravity. Better than any other space movie. It should have won the Oscar.The fact that Interstellar, one of the sci-fi genre's definitive tales, has a 72% critic score tells you everything you need to know about critics' inability to score the genre properly. This iconic film will forever hold its spot near or at the top of sci-fi's very best.second to space OdysseyOne of my favorite movies. Great story, great acting. A must for those who like space and sci fi.Best science movie ever.Enjoyed every second. Brilliant movie!The movie jumps over many plot points. The conclusion was very far out and disappointing.-Trama: 1 -Actuacio: 0.8 -Direccio: 1 -Escenes: 1 -Missatge: 1 -Altres: Complicada, cada vegada que la veus entens mes coses. Probablement la meva peli preferida. Total: 4.8greatest of all time.Quite possibly the best visual masterpiece of all timePretty flawless space movie with clever time travel sequences, have seen it 5 timesthis is my favorite movie of all timeExellent movie.👌👌👌One of the best films of the century. Christopher Nolan continues his fantastic legacy with arguably his greatest masterpiece. Interstellar is what every movie should aim t be. It is one of the most well-rounded movies you will ever watch. From the acting, the costumes, to the writing, and especially the music Interstellar makes for one of the best movies of all time.good movie, amazing acting, girl is hella fine, amazing soundtrack, overall 10,10What can I say of this film? PerfectionThought-provoking space travel epic. These critics wouldn't know something good if it slapped them in the face. The movie was based on realism and under the guidance of a known physicist. If you're still in disbelief like some of the critics on here, then check out science of interstellar that really dives into the fundamentals. The story was amazing, the love involved between father/daughter, the amazing score, the character development. One critic gave the movie a D+ and complained about the characters crying all the time? Look at the audience score, bro. The idea behind this movie includes several people including both of the Nolan brothers (younger brother originally wrote it), Kip Thorne and several others.A modern day masterpiece from start to finish!Brilliant piece of art..magnificentInterstellar is great action space film that also shows what space is like in a unique way the cinematography and visual effects were fabulous also with great acting from everyone especially Matthew mconnaughey while the had a long runtime how they put the story to gather didn’t make it feel long to keep the story at a steady pace along with a stunning soundtrackChristopher Nolan proves another time that he is one of the best directors in the history of film making. The best space cinematographic in film making and an awesome soundtrack by Hanz Zimmer delivered us a masterpiece. it's a must-watch for every creature who is in love with motion pictures.What I can only describe as a modern masterpiece with an unbelievable array of performances from its cast. It's also worth noting the genius of Zimmer's score.One of the most beautiful and emotionally compelling movies I've ever seen. This movie had me dry out of tears because of all the emotional build ups and amazing score from Hanz Zimmer.Ótimos efeitos especiais, roteiro, atores e tudo que há de bom!One of the greatest sci-fi movies I have ever seen. This movie has the greatest story-line of any space movie ever created, and provokes thoughts and ideas that truly bring out how we see the universe and strives on the importance of how fragile our world truly is.An outstanding Sci-Fi film that has incredible visuals and an amazing soundtrack.I think this might be the best movie I've ever seen. it does have some slow parts but they are necessary to understanding the movie. would 100% recommend to everyoneWhile Matthew McConaughey gives a stunning performance, the movie is so far up its own colon, trying to be smart and stuff, that it for me, a very nit-picky viewer, ruined the experience as it in certain aspects, just doesn't make sense. Such a movie is asked to be picked apart, and as I did, I noticed a blaring paradox that I couldn't stop trying to figure out, thus preventing me from paying attention to the movie and ruining it for me. Or maybe it makes perfect sense and I'm just a dumb ass. What do I know.Long and a bit confusing...but visually impressive!An interesting take on a dystopian future that director Christopher Nolan adds his signature film style and cinematography. The visuals are absolutely stunning along with a great score that only compliments it even more. The choice of Matthew McConaughey seems some what out of place, but he ends up getting the job done. With a final arc, that seems to take a lot from 2001: A Space Odyssey, that will absolutely surprise you and give some tear jerking moments to end a good movie.Interesting movie with an unexpected twist.One of the best movies, Ive ever watchedGorgeous film making still exists10/10 Basically the perfect movie. Visuals, acting, music, emotions, drama, stakes, mystery, adventure, action, and relentlessly makes you think.captivating. Imaginative and fun.Best Sci-Fi movie and OST ever!!The single greatest film I've ever seen in my life!The best movie I've ever watched!My favorite movie of all time. The movie that I most regret not seeing in theaters.Christopher Nolan is one of those directors who do not see each day, is known and respected for the trilogy of the knight of the night and for telling his stories in different chronological order. Interstellar was a film acclaimed both by critics and by the audience, it could be said that these were the main reasons why I wanted to see it, apart from Matthew McConaughey being the protagonist. The movie has a good start, because you understand who is who and what you need to know about the main characters. The performances are as always in the excellent Nolan movies, the comrade movements seemed good to me, the environment I loved because it is not fictional, you think that what you are seeing is real. The script is great in the sense that you can understand that Nolan made him want since he even bothered to ask a professional in Astronomy to help write the script. The plot may sound something simple but it is really very complex, it would be that the characters have to find a habitable approach to save humanity from extinction, if that sounds very simple, but it is not because there is more like that mission itself was a farce and the human relationships of the characters. The relationships of the characters feel real, the movie made me feel how the characters felt, it is very emotional to see how Cooper takes his time to decide whether to go to the mission to save humanity or stay with his children in the earth, for example when Cooper is taking the mission and his daughter tries to reach him desperately, you manage to feel the sadness that the characters feel at that moment, and that is something that not many films achieve, if their realization with Murph is quite complex, you could say that the main theme of the film is love, everything is done for love, in fact you could say that love is what saves humanity, the connection between Murph and Cooper is so strong that it helps Murph to save the humanity from extinction. But no matter how emotional it is, Nolan did not make a perfect movie, since in itself, it makes no sense that a secret government organization hires a subject who has not seen in years for such an important mission, and when the characters go to the water planet and one of the characters stays on the ship, I understand that the hours spent there were 20 years on earth and on the ship, therefore I have to ask myself questions like: How the hell did that guy survive 20 years on the ship alone without losing his sanity, entertaining himself and not resorting to suicide? Did they have provisions for 20 years? Wow, that guy really deserves all my respect, for surviving that, and the truth is that something that surprised me about Nolan was that, it was very obvious those who were going to die and those who were going to live, I say they surprised me because Nolan He is a respected director for not making mediocre mistakes, if he may make mistakes in his movies, but not as mediocre and repetitive as that. In conclusion Interstellar is a film that I personally liked very much, with good performances, an interesting environment, a good direction, characters with personality, but with things that have weight for plot, which are the opposite of reality, this movie It deserves a 7/10 but I will make an exception, for the good attitudes, for the complexity of the protagonists, because Nolan took the trouble to ask for help from a professional for the script and because it entertained me a lot, it is because that this movie for me is an 8/10.I could watch it until I die of pleasureNot quite understanding how this movie receives so many negative reviews, Interstellar is truly remarkable, captivating, and beautiful within its concept with a gorgeous soundtrack to go along with it.Christopher Nolan's mastery comes past every time and this film exception, with masterful cinematography and brilliant performance come by us brilliantly. Even if the ending may be a little pointless.Great movie, watch at least once a year. Why don't more people love this movie.I was worried this might be overhyped to shit but it's genuinely a pretty good movie with an amazing soundtrack. Bummed that I missed the cinema release.Brainy, emotional and existencial are the three words that comes to my mind after watching this movie. Please Nolan keep them coming!A masterpiece! No need to say moreProbably one of the best, and realistic films I've seen in my life. Especially the ending scene was very sad... this was and will be one of my favorite too 15 movies.Absolutely loved it. Mixer of sci-fi adventure with father daughter relationship. Outstanding work from NolanAmazing cast and story. Like a younger version of inception, so thought-provoking. 96%The movie ad astra wanted to beAmazing, reverberating pipe organ music. Stunning visuals. A plot twist that will get you. Amazing.a great movie with excellent plot and well done VFX! but a little too long and very different from what i was expecting ...So Fresh: Absolute Must See!This was a terrible combination of two emotions I truly hate: Boredom and confusion. Not only was it so confusing that it made me want to die from boredom and uncomfortableness, I truly felt like I would rather go clothes shopping for 6 hours than watch this movie again. I Hate It!Another clearly underrated movie. The Nolan’s are absolute geniuses.A "must see" for everyone, being one of the best sci-fi movies ever.Brings up the kind of emotions I never knew I had. This is among the most beautiful and powerful movies that I have ever watched.Stunning visuals and amazing score!! The storyline really grabs you ones you get it.Amazing soundtrack by Hanz Zimmer, stunning visuals, a unique story, and interesting characters but the ending ruins it slightly for me. However, there's something special about watching this film.Interstellar is a masterpiece!! Christopher Nolan 🙏A truly epic movie with stunning visuals, awesome music, gripping story, and well crafted characters. One of Christopher Nolan's best films and even one of the best Sci-Fi movies of all time. A must watch for any fan of filmI loved this movie for more than a few key elements, but to keep it sweet, I loved most that this movie made me think. It was a superb blend of a love story between a father and his children and a suspenseful sci-fi adventure featuring humanity's last hope, a handful of astronauts on an unlikely adventure through time and space. If you enjoy being challenged as a thinker and simultaneously awed as an enjoyer of the delicate pieces of the universe, give this film a go!Interstellar is one of the best movies i've ever seen in my life! With high-octane effects and a breathtanking plot, this film became a model to a lot of sci-fi tv series and movies that came after 2014. For me, it is a state-of-the-art idea about how could be the space exploration by humans in the near future.Probably about an hour too long. But worth watching if you have the time and patience. The big "twist" towards the end, I actually saw coming about an hour before it happened, so I was disappointed that there wasn't more to it. Very anti-climatic ending too. There were some very intriguing moments but I wish there was a condensed version. The movie's main "lesson" was how valuable time is. So maybe spending 3 hours of my life to remember how valuable time is was worth it? Some really good moments of science, but some ridiculously stupid fails as well. Better than a lot I've seen though.Interstellar is a beautiful film that has stellar ideas and amazing landscapes. It was like 2001: A Space Odyssey if it made sense and people talked.The visuals, story, acting, and music in this are all worth the watch.Exceptional plot! Absolutely amazing!!Who does one blame for the wooden dialogue—the writers, director, or actors? Maybe I'll just blame Christopher Nolan, since he features twice in that list. On the upside, weightlessness and the wonder of space is captured beautifully—you really feel like you're there. I loved those slow, silent pans across Saturn, reminiscent of much older films like 2001 (as was the weirdness towards the end!) The pseudo-science-speak was mostly okay, and I enjoyed the tantalising sense of impending discovery—of higher dimensions, or connecting relativity and quantum mechanics perhaps. Having teased us with all the possibilities, the film fails to deliver on its promises—much like the entire premise of ditching a dying Earth with a shrug and moving on. A wonderfully frustrating film.I don't think there is anyone movie the last 20 years that have had more impact on me, than this one. First of all, this is a movie where father-daugher is THE strongest bond. It is a bond that can reach across time and space, literally. Secondly, this movie, while very much a Nolan, is the creation of Kip Thorne, and it includes some very revolutionary cosmology theories and black holes, and space-time bending, even to the point the pre production work of the movie resulted in two Nature publications. Not only that, the simulations of the black hole used for special were proven right to be extremely accurate after last years ever photo of a black hole. Kip Thorne also got a Nobel prize just a few years after. So, the science is very science, although it also some VERY spectacularly ideas, or rather tale tales, about what might happen inside a black hole. Climate change deniers, stay away, you will NOT like this movie. This is my number 1 movie of all time, so dont you dare not see it and not like it.Great film. My favorite outer space Sci-go movie!This is the best movie I've ever seen.Interestellar is such a great movie that takes you to a extreme odyssey in the space, the film involves you with the fascinating soundtrack that makes more epic the adventure like the visual effects the represents really good the space and all the extreme things that happen there and obviouslly, the performance of all the cast, but especially Mathew McConughey and Anne Hathaway performances were fabulous. The story is great and really exciting because you can see and imagine all the things that could be in the space and what people have to do to find a new home for the humanity. In my opinion is a movie that you can see even you are not a scince fiction fan because the story will catch you and you will be at the edge of the seat with this big odyssey and if you like the science fiction, just sit down and enjoy.With the best combination of Sci-Fi and real Science, I considere that Interstellar is one of the best movies in the last 5 years. I really like the way that they use an apocalypthic world to exploid the feellings of the characters. Nolan achieves to convince us that this is actually something that could happen with the correct use of the astronomy and physic in the script. On the other hand, the acting is really good, you can feel the worry and angry of Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway in his try to save the humanity. A last thing that I have to mention is that the visual effects are really good, good enough to raze with the majority of the movie awards in 2014, including Oscar´s Award. So, if you want to have 3 hours of pure emotions, suspense, action and love, you should watch this movie.From my point of view I think this movie is one of the best movies ever, at least for me, first of all they had a huge budget (185 million dollars) for the production, the actors that were hired like Matthew McConaughey have won an Oscar, a Golden Glove and a SAG and the actress Anne Hathaway also won a Oscar. This movie was nominated and won the Best Visual Effects Oscar at 2015. The atmosphere at the movie it really caught you because they explain somethings about the universe and their faults maybe isn't a funny way to lear but its entertaining to lear a few more about the universe and what they're trying to do isn't a crazy thing. Actually they show us that maybe more planets in the Universe are able to host live. I think this movie is the best one ever because the soundtrack, the cast, the production and the visual effects made a great work they knew how to got my attention, the script isn't boring, they show you how unpredictable can be the space, how big it is, dark and at least for my was stressful that feeling.Interestellar is a great Sci-Fi movie like no other, since the script, to the visual effects and obviously the score, every image takes you to the space with harmony. No words can describe how Christopher Nolan takes us to the adventure. He is a really good producer and we have seen it since Inception to The Batman Dark Knight. What I like the most in this movie is that it doesn`t go against any physic law everything was supported by a physicist that helped making the movie precise and really convincing. I think Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway, both did a great performance. They together, protagonist and supporting actress, created magic in this movie. At one point, it took my breath away after finishing the almost 3 hours, it keeps me thinking that this movie could be real, Earth is dying and if we do not do something about it, we do not know where are we going to end. This movie really gets you to think your exact place in time and space, it also makes you question about yourself, your life and everything surrounding you. We are really small compared to what there is outside there. It takes you to think that love is the only thing that can transcend space or time. It's the simple and the complicated, It's the usual and the different, It's the mind and the heart, It's an emotional and psychological journey through the unknown which has its own stunning visuals. It's an original story and thought-provoking masterpiece.Well-designed plot, with some interesting ideas demonstrated throughout the film. Nolan delivers yet another masterpieceThe best of the best.Interstellar is the best science fiction movie. There are 2 types of people on this planet, the ones who love "Interstellar" and the ones who didn't get it. Christopher Nolan's movies are always talked about a lot. Interstellar is no different. The best scientific minds label it as a masterpiece. This is a filmmaker's film, in contrast to an actor's film. Interesting Facts about "Interstellar" is that, the science behind the movie is advancing the field of astrophysics. Definitely, yes. I have seen many sci-fi films and Interstellar is the best one (no offence). It depicts events with maximum accuracy and logic. It is based on a fantastic concept of Interstellar journey. I was amazed by the imagination of writer, director Christopher Nolan and how well he executed it on screen. Three things distinguish the film from recent space-themed movies: it is grounded in the current concerns of our world; its plot is rich in the technically accurate science and technology of spaceflight and the movie pays homage to the best of the spaceflight cinema genre. All three themes transport the viewer and leave few concerns for what might be missing, rather than what the film got wrong. The movie begins with a series of filmed oral history interviews with survivors of a global dust bowl that has resulted from a plague that eroded agricultural production to the monoculture of corn. The interviews fade into a farmhouse where widowed NASA pilot-turned-farmer, Cooper, aka Coop (Matthew McConaughey) lives with his father-in-law and two children. We know the setting is the not-too-distant future because the technology of computers and drones are part of our reality. The Earth will survive, but it won't support life. More importantly, humanity is also doomed because the culture that has prevailed accepts the current situation as an inevitable consequence of past mistakes. The Apollo program, it is widely believed, was all faked, a propaganda ploy concocted to bankrupt the Soviet Union. The scientific genesis of the plot is the recognition that humans have exploited. Never before have I seen a movie blend sci-fi and philosophy like this. It's fascinating.Excellent visual,, very emotional and exciting masterpieceMaybe Nolan misfired it, still potentially, the film reaches to places where our usual space opera doesn't. Interstellar Nolan's long lasting project to explore the space goes safe. That's as much as you can do, for a film so heavy and personally touched. The writer and director Christopher Nolan is a believer of doing your homework properly. Simple as that. And working with Kip Thorne, a theoretical physicist, he has embodied the actual laws of physics in the film to a certain degree that it, itself started to create storylines of its own. Deciding to go towards the call, Nolan jam-packs this three hour of film with a whole lot of science and maths. And just as it happened previously in Inception- not in this scale, of course- the science took over the emotional impact of these incredibly empathetic characters. Now, the only reason why this one comes off a bit slow in that department, compared to the Inception, is because it over-explains the narrative arcs more than the theories and philosophies of this science expenditure. Just walk through the jolting revelation placed later in the film, which spirals out an informative; yet not actually informative, conversation between Mathew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon discussing Michael Caine's character. Once again, these are just minor flaws in this touching love story, where my personal favorite aspect of it is how mythological the equation between a father and a daughter comes off, especially in the final moments of the film. That very piece of note resembles beautifully with Steven Spielberg's AI: Artificial Intelligence. Another thing to note here, is how simple Nolan's direction and choices in the film are. In a complex dystopian future, he has kept things elemental- for instance the planets are often painted as one key, like water, rocks, dust and even love(!)- in order to mark the events occurred in this long Interstellar travel clearly.What a piece of art this film is, absolutely incredibleThis movie ripens with age. This movie can separate the good critics (who praised it upon it's release), and bad critics (who bashed it without giving it a second thought). There was a debate, if Birdman is a better movie. Well, I have re-watched this one 2x as many times a Birdman. And I love Michael Keaton. I think this says it all.Unless I had a physics Ph.D., a daughter, and God's patience, Interstellar would be one among my all-time faves.Beautiful movie, one of the best I've seen. The emotion given off in this film is amazing, however it does have a few unanswered questions.The best movie I've seenWhat a film! The acting, visuals, score, and the vision is all on display in this masterpiece. Christopher Nolan knows how to make a movie, can't wait to see more from him.The greatest film I have ever seen. Never before have i been so emotionally attached to a story and its characters. Never before has a movie made me think as hard as this one did. Never before have I seen a better looking film. Interstellar is a perfect example of what every film should aspire to be.I thoroughly enjoyed the movie despite my lack of understanding for the science behind it and its all credited for its good story. Too many people to give a shout out to starting from Matthew Mcconaughey's great acting to Nolan's directing, zimmer's composing and paul franklin's special effects. Together they managed to create a masterpiece. WARNING : you will be out of tears by the end of the movie.You have to have at least basic knowledge physic. I unfortunately learned that the hard way when I watched it at 10 years old. Then I thought the movie sucked. Today I am 14 and this is probably my favorite movie.It's a great movie! :)Spectacular music and visuals.Really liked the movie but the ending ruined it for me ...Breathtakingly beautiful, excellent acting, and science are just a few things that viewers will love about this movie. Though it may make some audiences scratch their heads, it is an incredible movie and staple in the sci-fi genre.If you like great cgi and Mcconaughy crying a lot and flying space ships. You got yourself a watch.The movie would be excellent weren't for that father-daughter crap while humanity counts on its last shot for survival. Plus, the actors that played the main characters (father and daughter) did not fit.McConaughey has managed to have been part of two of the best sci-fi films of all time: Contact and Interstellar. Elements of this film reminded me of Arthur C. Clarke's Rama series.One of the best scfi movies of all time ....this film is underated in my opinon it has low score only 72% this is bullshit the main reson why i hate RTInterstellar is a fun, thought-provoking movie. It is definitely Nolan's most ambitious film, but because of the scope of the ideas that he tries to encapsulate here (of which not all of them land), the narrative can suffer at times. Sequences often jump around without the smoothest transition between them, and some of the character development is lacking. However, McConaughey is great and the relationship between him and his daughter really salvages the lack of character depth. The visuals are stunning, and the film many times sucks you in with great suspense and nail-biting moments. Not one of Nolan's best films, but a good one nonethless. It's worth the watch for it's vision and ambition alone.A rare sci-fi thriller that blends high budget with commendable attempts at realistic physics. You won't find another movie that utilizes General Relativity as a plot device.This movie is absolutely incredible. A must see, and an all time favorite.Sci-fi with soul. In my opinion, an all-time classic.Wow! The view, the music, the performances, the cast. Wow! Amazing!My favorite movie of all time. Visuals are stunning. Story is inspirational, heartbreaking, and mindblowing all at the same time. Do not go gentle into that good night.Movie all around is great. The emotions always get the best of me. And that SOUNDTRACK! Can't get enough of it! 10/10Phenomenal in every way! Both the soundtrack and filmThe perfect description of cinema.Tout simplement un des meilleurs films de tout les temps avec des thèmes musicaux formidables encore merci a Hanz Zimmer🙏This was interstellar bad. What happened?After seeing it in theaters for the first time, it is still my favorite movie. So many people seem to sleep on this movie. Great story, an even better soundtrack/score. Ive never really seen a movie come close to how well the music works in this movie. For instance, the docking scene of course. After the airlock depressurizes, the music is just as surprised as the actors - it stopped. But now everything is in danger of failure. If they dont dock and recover the vessel, humanity is lost. So the music builds up the tension in this scene, it is a very dangerous docking maneuver. Frankly, a bit unrealistic (the center of mass needs to be in line with the docking port for the station to spin around that point, or else it will wobble when spinning), but still a spectacular scene, and sends chills down the spine. Great actors too. What beats a movie with both Matthew McConaughey and Matt Damon?This movie is the epitome of a slowburn. This movie is nearly 3 hours long, and you can definitely feel that length. However, you are so invested in this film's story and constantly blown away by the incredible visual effects that you still love the movie nonetheless. Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Michael Caine and the rest of the cast are fantastic in this movie, Hans Zimmer's score, as usual, is euphoric and other-worldly, and, of course, Nolan's incredible direction with the shots, the acting and the story is just wonderful. If you haven't seen this movie, definitely consider checking it out. It does require patience, but it's completely worth it.Good story, but overloaded with unexplained plot holes.Nolan has outdone himself once again in this mesmerizing masterpiece.An underrated space epic made by Christopher nolan. Great visual effects and a very intellectual story that few cant grasp.Perhaps one of the most under appreciated films of modern times. You've got blackholes, wormholes, 5th dimensions, time and love all rolled into one, then at the end you're left with an overwhelming feeling of emotion you're not sure you've quite felt before, or since.Hans Zimmer + Christopher Nolan= a must see masterpiece.Very suspenseful, keeps you on the edge of your seat. Science behind it even seems to hold up which is nice as well. Awesome movie.A half decent movie, but tended to drag throughout the middle. It passed the time, but probably a little too much time.Me parecio una pelicula muy inquietante, me encanto la peliculaWhat an incredible experience this was in IMAX. Several years later and I'm still listening to the score.Nolan really is a top-notch director! Everything in Interstellar is an epic smart puzzle that comes together in the end perfectly, the audience is always set in a light unknown state of mind, during the search for new home for humanity it moots poetical quotes and philosophic questions, on Coopers voyage the audience encounters perfect visual effects, a beautiful score, thrilling sound mixing and a timeless yet stylish production design, it feels like Nolan created the "2001" of the 21th centuOne of the greatest movie ever made. Period. This movie should be the benchmark not just for movies but also the critics. The critics that have not liked this movie should not be allowed to review movies.I'm not sure what to think of Interstellar. It kind of blew my mind with it's theories and contentThe greatest cinematic experience I have ever witnessed in my life. Nolan is a genius.I need to watch three times to understand the movie "inception" It took two times to understand this Awesome MovieOmg the best movie ever.I am a massive fan of the director Christopher Nolan, and I mostly enjoy his movies. I liked this movie a lot. I would say it is one of the best creation of Christopher Nolan. He studied and understood the concept of time and space very well and showed it in the film quite amazingly. Hans Zimmer and the sound directors did an exceptional job. As a whole, the movie is a complete package, and it holds the caliber to acquire 100% attention of the crowd. There wasn't even a single second during the whole film when I lost my interest. I will recommend everyone to watch this movie at least once in their lifetime. Cheers to the entire team of Interstellar!!!!!Phenomenal film. A must watch for any sci fan or drama fans!Spectacular movie and it's a must see ! it's not too hard to understand !As sad and depressing a movie as is out there. Has no redeeming value. They try to have a happy ending with the impossible fantasy... This movie could be prophetic; it describes an America after the progressives/socialists control everything. There is no longer a middle class. There is no medicine for people because the pharma industry is done away with. There is no medical equipment for the sick because the manufacturing industry is done away with. (Unless you have a congressman in your pocket!) There is no petro/chemical industry to fight the blights destroying the crops because it is done away with... The government controls every facet of your life: What job you will have, if can go to school, what you can think or say, etc... The liberal PC controls what is written in the school books to suit their ‘rewrite of history' purpose (There was no Apollo moon shot!) and have complete control over & punish anyone that dares to tell the truth! In the end 'love' overcomes all the evil and bad... Emotions overcome reality... Yeah! A liberal woman's fantasy. A sick movie! Don't waste your time, almost three hours that you will not get back!I like imagin of movieThe beginning is slowwww. . .but once you pass the first act, it's smooth sailing.Fantastic, awesome, and very genuine!What 2001 was to my parents generation, this is ours..Very very good movie. Some people may say that this movie is slow, but i think it is more of a character development issue. Too many want instant action with minimal developmentTerrible soundtrack/score.. way too loud.Filme incrÃ­vel. HÃ¡ tempos sou fÃ£ do Nolan. O mÃ (C)rito maior neta obra para mim Ã (C) que ele explora ma linguagem da complexa da fÃ­sica quantica, mas de um jeito que pessoas que nÃ£o sÃ£o tÃ£o adeptas do universo geek podem compreender e gostar. Ao mesmo tempo, transmite a mensagem de um jeito poÃ (C)tico e levemente romantizado. Para mim um dos melhores deste estilo sci-fi do Ãºltimos tempos!I heard somebody friends said that this movie was boring, but not is true, this movie is fantastic, the music, the visual effects, the history.... You should give yourself a chance to see it :)very good! Please make a sequel.Interstellar succed to stand up to 2001Não da para levar esse site muito a sério, um filme como esse merecia uma das maiores notas do site, tem vários filmes bem abaixo que tem nota maiores, zero de sentidoa masterpiece !!! an astrophysics poetry. science and pure love melts together. amazing performance from the actors. personally this is the best movie I have ever watched.one of my top 5 of all yimeObjetivamente una buena pelÃ­cula que no es apta para todo el mundo por su contenido aveces cientÃ­ficamente preciso. Subjetivamente, la mejor pelÃ­cula que vi en mi vida hasta ahoraReally Amazing Film!Continues to amaze every time I come across it. Love and survival will always push us forward, even into space.While the ending of this film is incredibly stupid, everything else in Interstellar works perfectly.Very weird ending but thrilling and beautifulI've watched this numerous times and it's my favourite sci movie. This is because it plays out like a sci fi book. I felt engaged at all times and it's not often we get a great space opera. Proper sci fi. Well doneEXCELENTE MANEJO DE PERSONAJES, PARA UN FAN DE CIENCIA FICCIï¿ 1/2"N ES SATISFACTORIO VER CUï¿ 1/2Â?NTICA Y LA TEORï¿ 1/2Â?A DE LOS GEMELOS PLASMADA. UNA BANDA SONORA QUE TE TIENE EN CONSTANTE TENSIï¿ 1/2"N.Interstellar is in my opinion Matthew McConaughey's best film. This movie serves as a spiritual successor to 2001: A Space Odyssey. It takes the audience on a journey through space implementing real science into the mix. The emotional struggle between Murph and a father that she doesn't see most of her life is so incredibly touching and well done. I cried 3 times at different points purely because of the emotions felt by Cooper and Murph. Stunning visuals, amazing concept, and an ending that is complex enough that half of the audience doesn't really understand. I love thatNot that good as Inception.A thought provoking film that embodies state-of-the-art technology and sheer scientific brute strength to convey its story. Despite a few sci-fi "Cliches" that it could have done without, this movie is a masterpiece in storytelling through the cinematic medium. The score by Hans Zimmer is one of his best scores ever and accentuates the film during its "slower momentum". The performances by every single actor on screen is joyous to watch and is simply world class. Beautiful directed and wonderfully produced. A "Modern Cinematic Classic & Masterpiece".One of my favorite films of all time. Slow at times, but full of sci-fi excellence.I wasn't smart enough to follow this movie. If you're some sort of engineer and physicist, then this would probably be your favorite movie of all time. The story is extremely in depth that I can't even describe it. It's about four astronauts traveling through time and space to find other livable planets because Earth is dying. I loved the sound effects and characters, that was probably the best of the film. The CGI and effects are very well done and beautiful making me wish I seen this in theatres. The settings are cool too, the characters travel to some planets that have different climates and structures. I can't really say a lot else, that is the whole movie, the ending was really good though but still, I was confused.Nolan's intriguing sciencey premise seems to promise a fun, thought-provoking space adventure. It does, but only in bits. Despite its technical brilliance, it's slow and boring for the most part with less to anticipate.Nolan is probably my favorite director and this is my favorite movie of his. A great si-fi film with so much heart that I cry everytime I watch it.From the visuals to the acting, and even the casting, this movie is a fat wNot Nolan's finest. The "Eureka!" moment was laughable.What a great movie. I really love the style and pace. All movies don't have to be 2 h 10 min, they can be longer. Important to take your time to develop the characters etc. This is probably the best science fiction movie ever made. Ok, of course, there are some influences from 2001, but new masters always should stand on the shoulders of previous masters. Actually, watched it again with my kids (11-12 yr). I was expecting that they would consider the movie bit too heavy. No way, they loved it. They were completely hypnotized for the whole duration. My younger daughter even got inspiration towards science from this movie.Many say that Interstellar is overambitous and falls flat in the third act. However, I feel this couldn't be further from the truth and it rather epitomizes emotion on all levels throughout the film. It truely is crushing at times and remains the only movie that has ever made me cry. Nolan also gives plenty of clues and explainations as to how things happens if one simply has the attention span to look for them. I truely believe people will look back on this juggernaut of a movie and deem it the classic status it so deserves.Best SciFi I've seen till dateI liked the story line and the concepts though nonsensical from a physics perceptive were great to explore. Having said that, I'm cant put my finger on it but but the film lacked something. The ending wasn't quite as cathartic as i would have hoped.An masterpiece of Nolan! with the music soundtrack of the amazing Hans Zimmer!The best way I can describe Interstellar is to say I felt like I was on the other side of space too - lost among the stars. This feeling was amplified on the big screen. Some of the science and accompanying jargon herein mess with your mind; but, you don't forget the themes of humanity's survival and love for one's family. That last one is especially relevant if you're a parent.a perfect combination of dramatic, emotional feel as well as captivating science fiction and well-done CGI. despite its length, the plot and writing is very interesting and allows one to stay engaged the whole time. i found myself either crying or in awe the entire time.Overrated and flawed, nevertheless a masterpieceInterstellar (2014), directed by Christopher Nolanâ(TM)s is a truly relatable story about the ties that bind and interconnect humanity. While this sci-fi film which follows the journey of astronauts and their family remaining on earth battling to understand and preserve the nature of humanity is full of action and exciting imagery, there is certainly no shortage of human storytelling. While some criticize the overbearing nature of the technical jargon and âsci-fi nessâ? of the film, in my view, this quite accurate (at least in theory) scientific backdrop speaks to the authenticity of the film and appeals to the moviegoer as something that might actually happen in the distant future. This connection the film makes between the audience and reality is essential to its communication of its overriding principles of life and the resilience of humanity. It is also worth mentioning the filmâ(TM)s composer, Hanz Zimmer, who was able to make the film âbreathâ? through his compositional choices, adding another layer of humanity to the complexities of the story.The film rides a fine line between being abstract enough to communicate ideas about ourselves and being so far out as to be unrelatable. Ultimately, the narrative drives home the transcendent qualities of humanity such as resilience and love.An amazing story. Not for people that don't want to pay close attention and/or watch multiple times.This is the movie of movies of movies. 7/5Brilliant film, one of my all-time favorites.An excellent sci fi movie, with a terrific score, direction, script and effectspor lejos una de las mejores peliculas que eh visto, gracias hermanos NolanAmazing movie for me itâ(TM)s perfect! Great job from christopher Nolan once again.Most underrated sci-fi movie of all time. Brilliant.instantly one of my favoritesHow could you not love it. Mind blown ï¿ 1/2 1/2Simply put, the most engaging and breathtaking movie experience I have ever had in the theater. It has some flaws (love doesn't transcend time!) but is one of the best movies ever made.Keep these types of movies coming!!An engaging, thought provoking film with a great soundtrack. The film can feel lengthy and the pacing was off at times, but in the end, "Interstellar" is a great film.Too many scientific inaccuracies. Complex physics twisted into too simple plot elements. But the effort itself is applaudableBeautiful, masterful, transporting. I love this movie with all my heart.This movie can be slow paced at times but overall is a very fun, entertaining and an emotional movie. This movie in my opinion is definitely worth the watch.Props to Director Christopher Nolan and theoretical physicist Kip Thorne for ensuring black holes were accurately visualized in this film.Smart and fun movie..Admittedly not a huge fan Mr Mcconaughey, this film has a feel all its own.What's out there?This is one hell of a ride. Thrills, chills, feels, tears, thought provoking, and that terrifying theme song. Taking place in the future where Earth is soon becoming uninhabitable. There is a plan to save mankind on three possibly habitable planets. Definitely in my top 5 of all time.Just a masterpiece...Not Nolan at his best, yet still brilliant. This incorporates both the complex storylines typically present in Nolan movies with top-notch CGI. A slightly confusing ending brings down what is a brilliant spectacle, yet the movie is still definitely worth a watch.Totally great movie great cgi great plot twist (im talking about dr mann ) and great actors if your freind said this film is boring your freind is drunkThe highest of high concept movies. A lot to love, a lot to roll your eyes at. Too much of the feels for my taste but you can never say this movie lacks ambition!Film was absolutely perfect. One of the best movies I have ever had the privilege of watching. Nolan far exceeds expectations with this filmA True Masterpiece and Christopher Nolan's Visionary. I was awestruck at the end. He (Christopher Nolan) never ceases to amaze me.85/100 Very nice movie but... I couldn't feel anything for the characters...Dramatic plot, visually stunning, scientific.What a film this is, very cleverly filmed and is thrilling throughout, the beginning of the film is slow but make sure you pay attention as it provides a lot of information you need later on. Special effects are amazing and the science behind the film is incredibly accurate and interesting. The ending is a surprise and and a total mind bender, Must watch !!Excellent director and writer=excellent film. Once again the Nolan brothers delivered us a masterpiece. From the fisics theories to sci fi, adventure and drama. An epic soundtrack from Hanz Zimmer. Visual effects are incredible.Greatest hard science fiction movie yet made!i did not like this movie because there are some scenes there are scenes in the movie where it stops believing.Wht can i say! All the concept the visual treat hardwork of the interstellar team It nothin less than epic desrves oscar fr best male actor and also for the movieSpeechless. This movie transcends space and time to tell an engrossing tale of love, survival, and perseverance. I was at times engrossed, moved, shaken, rattled and broken while watching this movie. I felt at times both hopeless and alone, knowing that time is relative, and that if we don't take care of this earth NOW, we are doomed to spoil its natural splendor. Interesting that this film came out years before the Trump administration. I feel like we need it now more than ever. Fly me away.This movie is one of my all time favorite. I like how's its scientifically accurate. You will learn something from this movie thrust me!It's at times thrilling, a visual spectacle, and story is a complex interwoven and beautifully foreshadowed treat, but the bouts of bland moments and the sterile look and feel directly clashes with the overall message of the movie. Interstellar is a visually distinct and competant sci-fi movie, but a disapointing outing for such a prominent director as Christopher Nolan.Fantastic space travel movie. The end was a slight let down.Epic story spanning decades for some but mere hours for others. The story starts when the dust bowl has returned, just as it was. The relativity calculation for gravity is wrong though. If gravity was so strong to make minutes be years, they would be crushed on the surface. Same with the black hole. It would crush all and the whole universe life would have passed before he could come out. Still good effort for the rest of the physics laws.good but prefer faster paceThis is not a saturday afternoon movie. This statement may seem obvious, but most of the bad reviews this movie has received since its release come from not realizing it. You need to pay attention to it, to be listening every second. And yeah, maybe some just can't do that, but that doesn't make the film worse. To me, this movie is a masterpiece. Visually stunning, both in cinematography and VFX, breathtaking soundtrack, strong performances... The list goes on and on. Nolan is one of the best directors of our era, and he continues to prove it with every film he works in.Exploring new age space travel. Good screenplay.This movie is easily my favorite. It proves Nolan knows the complexity of characters outside of action films and can root deep into emotion without it saturating the film. The cinematography is stunning, the music Zimmer adds gives the film the perfect touch, and while I could argue the film was half an hour longer than necessary, you're in for a 2 hr and 45 min run that leaves you crying and on the edge of your seat.The best thing about Interstellar is that, like Inception, the science and the ideas are as real, as sophisticated, and as advanced, as any ideas out there. If you see a critic or somebody saying this is convoluted or overly complex that says more about their lack of understanding than about the movie. We should be thrilled Nolan is thinking about and making movies about these things. Bravo. Definitely needs to be rewatched with boxxy software app.Brilliant, and scary - I'll never forget some images, like that horrific cliff of water! Everyone needs to see this, and think of what we can do to save our precious planet.An amazing story but one where I did not like the confusing ending too. The film is perfect up until the very end where the story could have elaborated so much more with a more clear understandable story ending.Almost cried multiple times, not beacause it was bad thoIt was of the most beautiful movies i have ever seen with A Beautiful Mind .I missed this movie when it came out and stumbled upon it over the holidays. I was completely surprised by how much it pulled me into its story both from a personal and historical perspective. I am an engineer by training, so I am very picky about the science in science fiction movies, and this movie does an excellent job of representing the awe and impact of space and time travel on human beings. It's fun to watch and it doesn't make any major mistakes that distract from the universe it creates. I enjoyed the personal stories and conflicts and there was a 15-minute sequence of scenes that builds and maintains suspense so masterfully I was calling out verbally just watching at home - I can only imagine what it would have been like in a theatre. I'm not sure how it will hold up on subsequent viewings, but my first 3 hours (yes it is long) were extremely entertaining. In my opinion, this movie is so well written, directed, and acted that it can act as a litmus test for detecting critics who I no longer need to read.A well made piece, attempting to be more scientifically accurate than the usual film, it ultimately takes too long to get where it is going and when it gets there, it leaves you thinking, why did I watch this?I saw this movie originally on a massive screen. I was so blown away. The visuals were so huge and spectacular. One of the sights brought a tear to my eyes. AND it was a moving story. I loved it. I loved it so much that I saw it at a theatre closer to where I live for a second time; that screen was smaller. I was not so impressed. I realised that the movie wasn't as good as I thought. If you ever watch this, try to find a 50ft screen.Great movie alongside Gravity. They are both superbBest film ever. Icoukd see it a thousand times and never get bored.Confusing the first dozen times around. However, on the 13th time, after everything clicks, it is not hard to see why Interstellar is perhaps the greatest movie ever made.Simply the Best movie I have ever seen in my lifeBeautiful and haunting. It will leave you in shock as only Director Nolan can.Love this movie, has it all, action comdey drama, you really connect with the characters and feel there pain.An amazing film, beautifully produced and well written. I would definitely suggest watching it!Interstellar has been my favorite movie ever since I first saw it. The journey our protagonist goes through is one harsh and we want him to fight through it the whole way, It is an emotional blockbuster, that brings full sci-fi elements to a cry-worthy movie with a powerful story. Some may not like the slow pace or the final pay-off, however, I immensely enjoyed both. The soundtrack is another great piece of this movie, and every time I hear it, the emotions of this movie come flooding back. This is a powerful movie with a great sci-fi story that allows you to connect with the characters.Quite possibly the greatest film ever madeFor the what seems like the first time, a science fiction movie is based on actual mathematics and well... science! Very engaging and makes a real attempt to show the world how fascinating space really is! Not only does this movie explore relativity and space time, but it also manages to bring in elements of human psycology. All in all, an excellent production. I hope to see more movies like this in the future!Fantastic movie, Highly recommend if you haven't seen itThe hype and expectations I had for this film were totally fulfilled. A little bit over the top with the science concepts presented, but a great and powerful story that didn't fail to make me cry a lot.This movie and True Detective really redefined Matthew McConaughey as an A-list actor for me. He did a phenomenal job and was even able to genuinely transition emotionally on the drop of a pin in one scene. In the future it will most certainly become a must have Sci-Fi for anyone's personal collection.This is now my favorite movie. Matthew Mcconaughey is truly the best and makes the movie amazing.The excellent visuals cannot save Interstellar from being melodramatic and confusingly plotted.Favorite movie of all time.A masterpiece, incredibly breathtaking. The accurate depiction of known and theoretical knowledge of the universe and it's laws makes this film one of a kind.AHHH WHAT CAN I SAY ABOUT MY FAVORITE SCI FYI MOVIE.... IT HAS EVERYTHING EMOTION EXCITEMENT IT IS ONE OF THOSE MOVIES YOU GO BACK AND WATCH OVER AND OVER AND ITS SO COMPLEX STILL AFTER ALL THESE YEARS I THINK ABOUT IT, IT MAKES YOU THINK I MEAN REALLY THINK AND THATS WHAT A GOOD MOVIE SHOULD MAKE YOU DO !One of the beautiful movies I've ever seen. My all time favorite TBH.This movie is so beautiful, grand, inspirational, the list goes on. I highly recommend this movie. Of course it has flaws, plenty of movies do, but I promise, you will not care about the problems in the end because you find yourself caring so much for the charactersI loved it amazing movie, beautiful plot."love is the only thing that transcends time and space". Great movie, great soundtracks. I love itInterstellar has stellar visuals and a storyline that, depending on your mood, can either serve as a thought-provoking piece or just an awesome space drama. It has many aspects that can reach any given audience! It serves as a pretty awesome metaphor as well.the tomatometer has let me down. this movie deserves better ratings.I think this film was pretty good, but it was a bit too unrealistic. I feel like Matthew gets a little bit too much time to love in that scene where he fights Matt.This movie is essentially a time travellers guide to the universe cleverly disguised as a space exploration/survival movie.I don't have words to express how amazing this movie is .This is a great piece of storytelling. The only thing that brings it down is that almost all of it is very depressing, or edge of the seat, but has very few moments of relaxation. 170 minutes of something like that can get a little taxing.A lot of inconsistencies with this movie make it confusing. Itâ(TM)s slow in many partsThis is one of the most emotional and powerful movies i've ever seen. I think almost everything about the movie is great. Specially the characters and the space moments. Also there are some more masterful scenes. Even tho I love this movie, I don't think it's perfect. It takes a little bit to long until the get up in space, and also I don't think the third act lands as well as i should have done. But overall, awesome movie.It is not as great as other films by Christopher Nolan, since it does have some pacing issues. Still it is very creative, once again proving the genius of Nolan.Amazingly beautiful. Its a must see I dont have much words for it. See if yourself the ending is so rewarding.While definitely very far from Christopher Nolan's best work, "Interstellar" can still stir up some thought-provoking conversations among sci-fi and space movie fans.This film was great.Have watched using my boxxy software. This movie changed the way I look at cornfields.?Great movie! Make more like this!!!Beutiful dad and daughter relationshipPhenomenal on every level!Is honestly pne of the best movies I have ever seen.While the ending of this film is incredibly stupid, everything else in Interstellar works perfectly. 9/10This film is in my Top 3Probably Christopher Nolan's worst movie, but it's still good. The visuals look nice and has some memorable moments. It just is a boring at some points.With a great performance of the cast and an extraordinary story, the movie makes me want to ask a lot of questions about my life like : who am i ? or who i'm gonna become?...although movie is about the journey to space to save the mankind but it mainly mentions somethings more closely : Love and people!Interstellar is another Nolan brother's pic, visually astonishing, great direction, and great acting with a cast consisting of McConaughey, Hathaway, Chastain, Casey Affleck, Caine, Lithgow and Damon who is not accredited to the script. This was yet another rescue mission to save Damon, but this time he plays the antagonist. The script is based on the facts of Pulitzer Prize winning Astrophysicist Dr. Kip Thorne, with additional theories references from Einstein and Hawking. The script is based on love for family and to the love to save mankind where our planet is suffering from overpopulation, loss of oxygen, and loss of food source associated to the same degree as Grapes of Wrath during the Great Depression. The movie is similar to 2001 Space Odyssey but I just didn't understand how McConaughey's character ends up back in our solar system and how his daughter was able to save mankind and build a planet like ship that is similar to scenes in the movie Inception. Overall it was a great movie, one of a kind held me at the edge of my seat hoping for a happy ending. I could see myself watching this movie over and over again.Briliant movie. I think why many were confused watching the movie is that it works hard to give scientific basis for the actions taking place and even tries to make it simpler for the common folk to understand but we are simply not smart enough to follow along with every instance , we just have to kind of hang in there and take some big leaps to understand a lot of the movie. Its damn hard to follow at times. Dazzling visuals with pacing issues. Still great stuff.Gorgeous special effects. Good acting. Interesting story. But so long. So so long. Not one piece of the story feels unnecessary but it's almost like every scene should be 20% shorter than it is. Everything just dragged on far too long.This movie is one of the best moments of my life. Hanz Zimmer made history the soundtrack is just a piece of art wowA stellar movie that is out of thus world!Interstellar launches you on a mind-boggling, adrenaline-pumping ride, making every second of it worth watching.This is a really fucking good movie NOOOO ??One of my favorite movies of all time. Evokes unbelievable curiosity for the universe, whilst simultaneously tugging at your hearts strings. Note... A basic understanding of physics will go a long way for the enjoyment of this movie.Meandering, Illogical, Nonsense Science and Pretentiously Uninteresting... and that's the best thing I can say about it.one of the best space/ science movies I've ever seenthe best movie and music I'd ever sawA movie that had to be made (but didn't need to be so long) - which brushes the realm of emotion. Stellar performance of Matthew Mcconaugheyone of My Fav'! <3Though simply a stunning sci-fi adventure at face value, Interstellar's touching storyline -- built around mind-bending paradoxes, and supported by a hair-raising soundtrack -- is its real forte. A memorable and powerfully-emotional watch.Rotten tomatoes got it wrong on this movie. This is 100/100. Epic sci fi movie that challenges you on a emotional and scientific level unlike anything else.Watched Interstellar multiple times and it grabs me every-time, cinematography and soundtrack is gripping and the plot and effects keep you engaged.THe best films I have ever seen; it will be on my list of favorites for years to come.An amazing movie of Christopher Nolan, well directed, amazing visual effects, a very good soundtrack, and off course very good acting.Visually stunning. Scientifically informative as the concepts presented in the movie are not only plausible, but realistic.I've watched this movie again after a long while, and what struck me is not the physics questions like the first time, but it dawned on me it is very painful to watch because of the powerful negative emotions throughout it. One after another suffering and heartbreak: the pain the child endures, the pain of the father, the crew and scientists, the departed lover, the lonely guy in th icy planet, the people on earth... all of it gave me pain like no other movie I can now recall.Mindblowing artwork by the director. Mathew's performance is as expected takes this to s whole new level. This is a movie i could watch aagain and again. Braovoun altro capolavoro di nolan, non cè da aggiungere altroThough the story seems a little bit general, the ideas and concepts are truly fascinating and unique. We never considered what would happen to these astronaut's families and the effects it might have. The film was truly touching and the way it was wrapped up was suspenseful, satisfactory and amazing on many levels. This is the definition of entertainment in the 21st century.It's A Great Movie One Of Nolan's Best Movies Ever, The Direction Is Perfect, And The Visual Effects Is Breath Taking, This Movie Is One Of My All Time Favorite Movies.It's a cross between "Solaris", "Inception", "Contact" and "2001:A Space Odyssey" in which the planet earth is going through a serious 'dust bowl' and the world is going through a drought. Ex space pilot and farmer, Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) and his 2 kids along with his dad, Donald (John Lithgow) happens to own one of those important corn crops the country or the planet needs. Cooper and his daughter would then stumble onto a top secret NASA base with Cooper s old teacher Professor Brand (Michael Caine), who would then successfully convince him to accept this space expedition along with 3 others including Romilly (David Gyasi), Doyle (Wes Bentley), and Brand (Anne Hathaway) with Tar a robot to guide them.One of those movies which leave you thinking and searching for unanswered questions of science.Incredible VISUALS and a great story combine to the best original science fiction movie of this decade.This Movie is genial.Christopher Nolan is genial. I love this Movieque filme SENSACIONAL! Merece o posto de melhor filme da minha vida até o momentoGreatest movie of all time. This movie made me feel so many emotional and it is the best Christopher Nolan movie. It’s either this or The Dark KnightVery interesting storyline. A bit complicated to grasp during some parts of the movie, but overall very good.A heartbreaking and breathtaking movieAnother good movie about cosmos expirence. Hats off.Nothing short of outstanding, Nolan presents us with one of the most gripping, fascinating and thrilling sci-fi films in decades. The writing manages to be mind-bogglingly smart and heartfelt at the same time, serving us a story that is full of humanity (quite literally, really), hitting close to home with current predictions of how our planet will fare. The visuals are absolutely spectacular and the stellar cast delivers on their performances of well-written characters. To top it all off - and really, the effect can't be understated -- Hans Zimmer's score might be one of the greatest ever made, elevating the mood and atmosphere to untold heights. This is truly magnificent story-telling, even if the ending doesn't quite perfectly answer every question posed.One of the best movies I've seen i my lifeAfter a while, Christopher Nolan decided that he wanted to make a space film, maybe something as big as 2001: A Space Odyssey. Everyone was hoping that Interstellar was going to be the next 2001: A Space Odyssey, and I'm sorry to break it to you guys, but it's not. Interstellar is not a perfect film. It has a good amount of flaws, but it is still an amazing film. Let's start with the amazing performances. Matthew Mcconaughey has one of his best performances in this movie, and the emotion he expressed in this film actually made me cry at times. The actors that play the character Murph (the actors played younger and older versions of this character) had riveting performances and she also made me cry at the emotional moments. The cgi in this film gives me chills thinking about it because all the space and planet sequences looked so real and beautiful, it's probably one of the best cgi used in any film EVER! The story is about finding a new habitable planet, but the real theme of this movie is love. Matthew Mcconaughey's character had the choice of either finding a new planet and leaving his life behind, or staying with his family and letting the earth turning inhabitable. He chose to find a new habitable planet, and he and his daughter being apart, and him eventually regretting his actions has such a great emotional impact. The emotional impact in this film is probably the best aspect of this film, and this is one of the best emotionally driven Christopher Nolan films. But sadly, there is a handful of flaws. Matthew Mcconaughey was accompanied by other astronauts on this mission, and I did not really care about them or their backstories at all. Anne Hathaway plays one of the accompanying astronauts, and the movie concentrates more than they should on her, and I wasn't invested in her subplot because I cared way more for Matthew Mcconaughey and his daughter. Matt Damon also played an astronaut that was stranded on a planet with malicious intentions, and I even though his appearance is out of nowhere, I really did not care about him at all and I feel like he didn't even need to be in this film. The pacing of the first half is also very slow and at times did drag, but the second half really did escalate and became more of what this movie was supposed to be. I like the second half way better than the first half. Even with its glaring flaws, I still think this is a great film. 4/5This movie is transcendent and truly visionary. The film score is one of Hans Zimmer's best works.Original, believable sci-fi presented in a aaw inspiring depth of the vastness of our universe, almost terrifying at times. I know in my life time I won’t have the opportunity to travel to distant planets but thanks to this film I feel as I was there.One of the best movie you will ever seeThe best sci-facts movie I have seen so far. Lets just say it would be hard to understand for people who have limited knowledge of interstellar travel and how physics works in space.Christopher Nolan can’t do any wrongExtremely difficult to understand the meaning behind the concepts presented in the movie. Regardless its a masterpiece and a wonderful film that keeps you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end.9/10 Interstellar is beautiful, well-acted, and overall ambitious, even if it's kind of confusing.My All time Favorite Movie. Incredible Awesome movie. Christopher Nolan and His Team did a Fantastic Job.Good film, but overhyped for sure.What an amazing film!!!! would be great if it could be a little shorter though -Interstellar is a beautifully presented film with great cinematography, music, and concepts, however, their were some roughedges in the finished produc The first movie to use Relativity as part of the conflict and the most realistic interpretation of a black hole the movie industry has ever seen. Interstellar, In my opinion, could have been the greatest space movie since 2001: a Space Odyssey. What made it fell short of a that cirteria for me was the writing. Its the type of movie that you need to rewatch a few times two full grasp its beauty. The expository dialouge was mediocre, and was useless. And it was hard for me to hear what the charcaters were saying half the time made it difficult to follow along. And the concept of love transcending space and time was nonsensical, and it wasnt as if they meeded that to be a fact in order for the movie to make sense, the plot would've still easily worked without the love nonsense. But nonetheless, interstellar was still a beautiful thought provoking film.its ability to interweave space science and physics with human connection and emotion along with a stunning soundtrack made interstellar a majestic and captivating story.A masterpiece! Just sign up to rottentomatoes to give this movie a 5/5Mind blowing and extremely enjoyable...acting is superb and the ending will blow you away!...Hans Zimmer kills it once again with the scorethis is my favorite movie of all time! what a masterpiece! the score is an incredible achievement by Hans Zimmer!If you don’t think this one of the best movies ever you really don’t understand films.Love, love, love. Balabalabala.Incredible. Visually stunning. The story was inspiring. I didn't want it to end.A visually amazing film with exceptional acting from the cast, this film was something that for the most part I enjoyed, even as a 3 hour movie. Although some aspects of the film didn't hit the bar for me, as in the patchy storyline and origins, and the countless cliches of love and drama that we all pretty much saw coming, this film managed to keep me intrigued, and was decently well pulled off.A really well put together film! Gives you a new perspective on life and how the universe works! Keeps you thinking throughout that maybe there could be an actual possibility that's how things work out in space!Mesmerising.Mind Bending.Memento.Just perfect, nothing more to sayThis film has one of the best and most underrated scores in the history of movie music. Cristopher Nolan's film is beautiful and causes one to think about one's own position in the grandness that is the universe.very good movie some unreal scences, great special effects.movie will get you fasinated by space.only downer was the ending was a bit much got a bit lost didnt make much sense to me.Excellent in every way. Despite the long runtime, it gets more exciting as it goes. Achieves a sense of desperation and helplessness that "Gravity" failed to attain (I know my opinion is in the minority here). Emotional, dramatic, and suspenseful. Nolan's best film.Brilliant sound track, great acting, interesting story, visually spectacular, and overall one of my favourite movie..6/1/18 FXM At almost 3 hours this is one of the longer movies I have seen. That said, it didn’t seem that long as the story was very interesting and keep your attention. It was pretty scientifically detailed and might be better watched even a second time to pick up plot lines. An interesting and unexpected ending made it an enjoyable evening of watching.The ending had me emotional. I felt connected to the characters and my eyes had true tears. I could follow the science behind the movie, a couple things were inaccurate, but the portrayal of things unknown is amazing. most interesting movie I've seen since inception. Actually made me love Matthew McConaughey as an actorquite a long sit, but definitely worthwhile. great twists in the plot kept me on edge, and acting from all actors very convincing. the science is far from accurate, with travelling thru wormholes and into an actual black hole... as long as viewers realise the main point: we've only got one planet and we better take care of it or elseGreat depiction of how love transcends time.Interstellar is a yet another good Nolan movie. The great soundtrack really gives it this sci-fi vibe and keeps the viewer in suspense. The acting could have been better, but in some moments it's great. It tries to be innovative with some new and bold ideas, but most of the time it just doesn't work.With Interstellar Christopher Nolan has taken a huge undertaking. A science fiction epic of this scale (accusation with Kubrick's 2001 A space Odyssey are apt) which relies less on CGI effects and set pieces and more on human connection and cerebral science has never been released since, well, 2001. And the film delivers for the most part though some may question the exposition and deux ex Machina aspects of it. Overall a fine entry in Nolan's filmography and a great addiction to the thinking man's science fiction list.Absolutely stunning, gut-wrenching, heart-rending stuff. This is the pure science fiction. With its feet planted in reality, its finger tips stretch way beyond sight. The concept is mind-blowing (even if predicated on a flawed concept) and the human, emotional aspect is visceral. This is one intense film experience, and number one on my science-fiction list.I cried watching this I felt so bad for those left on the groundA god damn masterpiece!Outstanding flim everOne of the best s-f movies I've seen."Interstellar" is a film with great performances and spectacle that easily makes this film Nolan's masterpiece.One of the best films of this decadeIt's not perfect but it broke boundaries and is certainly thought provoking and relevant. Featuring another fantastic score from Hans Zimmer. Nolan really goes all out on this film and it comes through.Intriguing film exploring the fluid dynamics of space and time tied between a father and daughterone of the most theatrical movies I have ever seen. Beautiful and inspiring. I listen to the sound track often to when doing homework.Interstellar - 4 out of 5 - fantastic film highly entertaining and very original. Love this movie this is a must see. Rent or buy this film it's worth itA Science Fiction Masterpiece.Too many elements did not make sense. How does solving a gravity equation counteract the loss of crops and the diminishing oxygen content of the atmosphere? At film's end, why did Cooper head off to find Brand when she was in a distant galaxy and the black hole that provided transport had been dismantled?Tan genial como la primera vez que la vi, y además, en este segundo visionado he llegado a acetpar algo más algunos conceptos sobre su final con los que no estaba totalmente de acuerdo,I was extremely lucky to get the chance to see this film upon its first day release, before entering the cinema, my expectations were already high, after all, this was a film from the cinematic genius who brought us the likes of 'Inception' and 'The Dark Knight', to summarise the following review in a single sentence: I left the cinema in extreme awe from the visual masterpiece I had just viewed.I have been a cinema lover for years, Love that movie and waiting for new sci fic https://www.speedyessay.co.uk/I felt intellectually threatened by this film. It was awful! Almost like reading a book. It made my brain hurt. I expect movies to insult my intelligence. This was brilliant, coherent, cutting-edge, engaging and moving. Where are vaccuus, poorly-written, terribly acted movies like Gravity when you need them? Clearly, someone is not greasing the wheels (Christopher).Sometimes critics need to turn off the critical mind and just enjoy. Just like those who panned Blade Runner you'll be eating your words in 15 years. I cried like a baby several times during this film. It's now in my top 10.Incredible thought provoking movie!epic, and awesome thanks again christopher nolan!The best Film i saw. Such a deep Story, with an incredible feeling. You feel the charackter, as they are your Family. You feel the same feeling, but you have so many questions to ask about it.. scence for scence. A Film where you have to think About it, betwen the Film, and after itMy favorite film of all timeOne of the best movies I've ever seen. Nolan is a brilliant director, you can always expect great works from him. Interstellar is intelligent, scientifically well founded, without losing entertainment. I think most of the people who criticized the movie negatively, did not understand it.it was an awesome movieI've thought many thoughts after seeing this.Amazing movie, the visuals are stunning, while the story lacks somewhat of continuity. The music is well chosen and fits very well with the theme of the movie.Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.Love it .. Love movies like thisIt is one of the best movies to see and experience .Mr. Nolan made it with an intent so that people will watch it again and again and in every view there is something new to find just like the prestige.The critics gave mixed reviews because they don't have the guts to understand it and its mastery.The movie was never really fully about space it was about love between a father and his child too and the lengths a parent will go for his child even if it takes anything to sacrifice. This movie has a soul and the love transcends beyond space and time and the critics are too short minded and fails to understand the simple concept inside the complexity of the movie because they were not looking closely as they never did with the prestige.One of the most visually-appealing films with an incredible soundtrack. Compelling to watch and awe-inspiring for the audience.I know this film isn't for everyone, but I really liked this film. It looked stunning and the acting was good. The plot was complex enough to keep me engaged but not too much to where it gets convoluted.A film you can watch more than once FOR SURE, I though it was a pretty good story and the actors did a great job, it goes deep into the UNDERSTANDING of time relativity, found it also a bit emotional at times, the music and special effects where on point.A beautiful movie filled with a great story line and amazing effects!Its not a movie its a masterpiece!Dazzling visuals with pacing issues. Slog writing which doesn't even bother addressing plot holes.Interstellar is an outstanding film from writer-director Christopher Nolan and it shows how talented he really is! Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Michael Caine, and Jessica Chastain all give incredible performances that really connect to the audience in an emotional way. The rest of the cast does a good job including Matt Damon and Casey Affleck, but not as good as them. The story, script and visual effects are all outstanding and the movie is really thought provoking as a whole and all of this is makes it how good it is.One of the best movies I've ever had the privelige of seeingOne of the most beautiful films I’ve ever seen. It’s flawed but with a striking original score, flashy visual effects and an ambitious narrative, it makes the film worthwhile. 9.2/10Stay home and read a good book instead, or just gaze out at the night sky and reflect on our amazing universe.An extraordinary film with wonderful visuals and surprises.Amazing ideas from Nolan as usual. Inter dimensional.To me this is a master piece. One of my all time favourite. The story is excellently written, it has comedy, romance, lots of drama, action, tragedy. Thought-provoking. The science behind the story has been carefully considered and the Nolan brothers tried to be as accurate as they could be; One of them studied a master degree for this film. The visuals were superbly executed. It demonstrated how humanity is beautiful as well as flawed. If you like sci-fi and space movies, this one is for you.I really liked this movie until the end. Horrible ending.Absolutely stunning!One of my favorite movies I've seen. Visuals are so pleasing and a concept that blows my mind. Also, Hans Zimmer never fails.you just have to see this. one day we will know how great this movie isIn a nutshell; Titillating images, an excellent cast choice, a deeply meaningful message and beautiful imagery come together to form a truly unforgettable experience of a movie.The best film. Ever. Made.Amazing!! no words can describe the immensity of this film both visually and emotionally.Nice sci-fi film. Action, adventure, well written. Alright, alright, alright. Matthew McConaughey does nice job.This movie was beautiful but the science of falling into a black hole was a stretch. I think a worm hole to the singularity would have made it better. The music was perfect.It's not great and it's not bad... maybe with the instructions would have been a bit better? I don't know. Still is visually amazing, and I'd watch it again just for that reason (and for McConaughey, of course)One of my top 5, all time best movies!!! I've probably seen it 20 times, and I'd watch it again in a heartbeat! SO beautifully made, full of suspense, sweeping scenery, great -relevant- plot, and Hans Zimmer scores yet another symphony of wonderful. Truly a grand epic.Nolan's best. A truly stunning film. When it was first released I think it had far too much nitpicky criticism to plot inconsistencies and devices. I even loved it then, but love it far more now. There are so many ways to enjoy this film and the theme of 'love transcends time and space" is really unique in such a strangely simplistic way. Also, Hans Zimmer elevates this to a modern masterpiece.Probably one of the greatest movies of the last decade. Extremely beautiful, rather scientifically accurate considering it's a movie, great music. This movie is an authentic masterpiece.One of my favorite films in recent memory.One Of the Best Scientific Movie Ever SeenThrough most the movie, I didn't know where it was going with the story; however, it came together in the end. Though I thought one or two characters entered the narrative without much explanation, it was still a good movie. It's was worth the $3.99 I paid.This movie is not perfect. It's a little too long and it loses its footing a bit in its final act. But I think of the many great things in this movie and the movie keeps pulling me back. I feel genuine awe watching this movie and simply thinking about its great moments engages me more than most movies do while I watch them. All of that makes me forgive its overambition and missteps.This movie is both hardcore sci-fi & hardcore drama. It is original, intriguing, & a great emotional rollercoaster ride. I highly recommend it to both sci-fi & drama fans alike.Why did they need a rocket to leave Earth if they were able to land and take off from planets of similar gravity?Some of the most beautiful space panoramas ever. Attempts to deal with real science and physics, which is rare in movies. The tesseract part was a little beyond me, but who knows what happens when you go through a black hole? The end was uplifting. Loved it!A masterpiece. Stunning. It had me on the edge of my seat.Nice movie, cool ending, but I feel it could've been even greater!Great, until Mathew McConaughey got trapped in a bookshelf for fifty years.First 80% of the movie was awesome, but the last 20%? It sucked. Beyond implausible, don't care who approved the physics, it ruined the movie. Very sad considering how well it started out.A masterpiece. This film is beyond oscars. A life changing movie for me. 👏Like many sci fi films, this movie could have been great but like most in the genre, it sucked BIG time. First, it is Loooong at almost 3 hours. The first hour to hour and half of the film is interesting...then the film starts falling apart until the absolute pile of $%^& ending. It is similar to movies like Contact (Jodie Foster) where you are left scratching your head and thinking...did I just waist 3 hours of my life?This film is like a really cool version of 2001: A SPACE ODESSY if the Kubrick/Clarke film would've had some explanation. This film does have some explanation, and it is similar to 2001 in that it's about a small group of government people who discover a worm hole sent by (presumably) aliens. This film takes the next logical step in the scifi and storytelling process started by Kubrick and Clarke showing humankind compelled into action by a blighted Earth. The painstaking process of General Relativity also takes effect, and the film makes smart work of showing time flow according to Cooper's perspective, while time in the universe around him changes according to its relative flow. Plus the set and environment designs were so well done, I had no problem suspending disbelief as the characters negotiated environmental rigors. I suppose that despite the sound explanations, there's still some mystery left, leaving us to the question of what is the 5th dimension? And why and how would a group of aliens (or whoever) manipulate that dimension to help us?This has to be one of the best movies of the century ( so far ) , once again Christopher Nolan surprises us with stunning visuals and a storyline that will make you think. Hans Zimmer surpases himself and Matthew McConaughey does an amazing perfomance! A Must-See movie!Interstellar undoubtedly deserves to be watched by all. It is an experience that is as thought-provoking as it is moving. There are some moments at which one has to suspend their disbelief, particularly at the end of the movie. Despite this, the concepts within the movie are fascinating, and the final discoveries are beyond expectation. Interstellar is not afraid to expose and explore the fragility and peculiarity of the human body and mind. The moral questions raised are especially interesting, and the movie thrives on placing characters in a suspenseful snap decision, resulting in unbelievably critical outcomes. Overall, this movie is a must-see for the intelligent moviegoer. It will amaze you, intrigue you, move you, and have you hanging on the edge of your seat.Intense and thought-provoking. More science-backed than I realized when I first saw the film (see: "The Science of Interstellar" in book form). A fascinating "what if" at several levels.An intelligent movie with stunning visuals, excellent acting and compelling characters. There aren't many movies these days where the heroes that save the world are scientists and engineers without any superpowers. Christopher and Jonathan Nolan's best work.a good film that ultimately falls short because of the terrible message that love conquers all. 1 star was removed because of this. what a shame this movie could have been amazing.Incredible visuals and plot help this movie greatly, but the messages it's trying to tell seem to be out of Nolan's directing chops. It's a nicely paced film, but there are a few slip-ups that don't allow this movie to reach greatness.One of only a very small handful of movies I will ever give 5 stars in my lifetime. A truly spectacular and emotive experience, coupled with exceptional cast performance throughout.The more is think about this film the more I love it. Christopher Nolan strikes gold once again with this ambitious sc-ifi flik. I have a few uncertainties about the science behind the end and was left a little disappointed by the planets they went to; it seems they were only used as a plot devices rather than something cool. But as a movie goer, not a physician, I loved itEasily the most beautiful film I have ever seen.Puntaje Original: 7.5 Original, reflexiva, absorbente y científicamente impactante, pero narrativamente deja que desear.Brilliant movie. Absolutely brilliant.Amazing movie. Nolan can do no wrong. Every movie he has created I've never wanted to not finish it. This movie made me feel like I was in space and it was real. it was not like Star Trek or SW travel. it made me think it actually happened and the references felt like science and felt real. I don't care if it wasn't real science terminology. It made me believe it and the ending made me say WOW! I was shocked and I kept watching.Anyone who scores this below 4 stars is just intellectually defunct. Some of the "critics" reviews makes me wonder if mankind is worth saving at all.Interstellar !! Best movie ever great Movie A masterpiece created by Christopher Nolan Thank You Nolan For This Movie , and I’m so Excited to see your next movie ! 😍Scientifically Accurate Fiction. #WoohooVery thought provoking movie. The cast was excellent.This movie is a truly beautiful, artistic film, that'll have you thinking real hard. I can watch it over and over again.Beautiful film. Must watch.Great acting performances underscore an astonishingly beautiful score. The full cinematic experience.OK. Let's talk Interstellar. This movie is atrocious. This is the first act summarized in but one word: "Murph". (imagine annoying Matthew McCanoughey voice). There is a pretty cool sequence in the middle with the wave planet, and then Matthew sees his kids grow up, which is good. But then it just goes back to being shit. They meet a scientist who is played by Matt Damon for no reason what so ever. Like just put his name on the poster you pussies. He is a main character just admit you dinguses. The third act throws away science for the alterative "Love, Tars" (again imagine annoying Matthew McCaunoghey voice). Also can we talk about how Casey Affleck doesn't want his first born son to get treatment, but would rather he die of lung cancer? Or how in order for Jessica Chastain to go to her childhood room in her childhood home, she has to burn down the entire crop field (the literal only source of income for her own brother) just to distract him, instead of walking inside and just going to her room. Come on Chris. You're better than this. .5/5Christopher Nolan once again impresses with his visual masterpiece and gifted actors, even if the story becomes unbearably cheesy at times.A Beautifully Heartfilled Adventure! Director Christopher Nolan and Co-Screenwriter Johnathan Nolan aim their cinematic magic both at the stars as well as the depths of the human heart! Interstellar is both a scientific aswell as a rather deep spiritual film whose core is rooted primarily on the will of discovery, pure transcendent love, and human destiny! The film re-enkindles our desire to seek what lies beyond the horizon of human reason and opens our eyes to the boundless truth and beauty of love, time, and space!Hollywood's weak sentimental storytelling now has a flagship film With a side of patriarchal bull even a fantasy film has to have storyline it's lke someone got bored halfway through and just said make the guy a hero and survive and you're done.Interstellar took on the universe but seemed to fall short of the stars. Still another enjoyable and intricate film from Nolan, but one that ends up confusing you to the point of you don't know what the point is.I have been a cinema lover for years, read a lot of reviews on IMDb and everywhere, and never found the right movie to write my first review. I always thought I would wait for THE movie. And this is IT! When I first heard that Nolan was preparing a sci-fi movie, I felt like a kid again, waiting for his Christmas gift under the tree. I knew it would become a classic. And I'm sure it will. First of all, it is incredibly beautiful to watch. Honestly, it was so beautiful that I felt like I was sucked into the movie. The way Nolan decided to show some scenes really remind me of 2001 A Space Odyssey (actually many things will probably remind you of this movie). We can feel the talent of Christopher Nolan, just by looking at the way it is filmed. The techniques he used contribute to create that visual environment in a believable way. The sound environment is just mesmerizing. It is a very important part of the movie, because some scenes take place in space, and Noland just found the right way to use sound. The soundtrack (made by the great Hans Zimmer) is breathtaking, epic, amazing, unreal. I could find a lot more adjectives to qualify it, but you have to hear it to understand how epic they are. These two important parts (image and sound) create a stunning atmosphere. You will forget you are in a movie theater, and you will be lost in space, sucked into the adventures of this new Space Odyssey, begging for more. It is a truly unique experience. I can say that I have never felt something like that in a movie theater (at least not for the past ten years). Then, of course, the cast. First of all, Matthew McConaughey. I discovered this actor in Tropic Thunder, but he didn't really convince me, though he was quite funny. Then I saw Dallas Buyers Club. Since that movie, I love him. In this movie... Well, he is the movie. I exaggerate a bit, since there are other great actors (some even unexpected with a special guest) who play extremely well. But he is just what was needed to feel the human part of the story (which is very important in Interstellar). He is capable of making us feel so many different emotions all along the story, as a father, as a human. Anne Hathaway was very convincing, all together the actors managed to create some harmony, which makes the human interactions credible. Caine, Chastaing and Affleck are a perfect choice. And then there is... The special guest, I will call him "X". His role, which could be seen as a minor role, is actually much more important than that. He proves, once again, that he is a great actor. Watch and see. And finally, the scenario/story. I won't spoil anything here; I'll just try to convince you how great it is. Nolan is known to revolutionize everything when he tries a new genre in cinema. Well, once again he did it. With The Dark Knight he revolutionized the superhero genre. With Interstellar he's revolutionizing the sci-fi genre in cinema. From what I heard, he worked with a physicist (in gravitational physics and astrophysics) to help him with that movie. And we can feel and see it. During the fifties, Asimov laid the foundations of modern science fiction. Lucas and Kubrick did the same in cinema. Today, Nolan is laying the new foundations of the genre in cinema, proving that cinema is still at the beginning of what can be done (brace yourselves my friends, we have not seen anything yet). Why? Well, simply because we only know a few things about space, some things can't be proved for the moment, so we can use theory, and make the best of it. That is exactly what Nolan did. He used theories that exist today, and made a movie about mankind, about pioneers, about humanity, about us. Because, in spite of all the sci-fi aspect, it is a story about humanity. McConaughey, Hathaway, and mainly "X", will managed to convince you about that. My rating for this movie can only be a 10, because in itself, it is a beginning for a new kind of cinema. It IS a classic. Those who say "we can't compare this movie to 2001 Space Odyssey, nor can we compare Nolan to Kubrick" are wrong. We can, and we should. Talented people don't live only in the past, some genius live today, among us. And Nolan is one of them. Many say that he is overrated. I truly don't think so. Only time will answer that. This is the sci-fi movie of the decade, and probably the best movie Nolan ever made. Just go for it, without a second thought.The film begins by establishing at his own rhythm its ambitions: men overexploited land resources, which is why the only goal they have left is to survive. This life is not enough for Cooper, brilliantly played by McConaughey who gave body and soul to this character. But all of this wouldn't hold without the total control of Christopher Nolan, based on the languishing soundtrack by Hans Zimmer, the luminous and impenetrable photography of Hoyte Van Hoytema, and the sincerity of Nolan's directing. He manages to film the characters and to find the right cut at the right time, always in harmony with Hans Zimmer's soundtrack, to give the film an aspiring and inspiring dimension that went missing for many many years. Thus we are transported into the same cockpit that Cooper, we feel the same remorse that he can already feel, we feel the same gravity, and we feel the same fear of the unknown melted with the force of his will. All of this is brilliantly illustrated in a very simple directing choice, which from my point of view is the decisive impetus of the film: to directly jump from when Cooper leaves in his truck, leaving his family behind him, to Endurance taking off. This simple editing decision allows Nolan to give an original movement to his film, and the musical crescendo makes us physically feel the sentimental break between two parts of the film. You don't necessarily have to understand it immediately : The film will raise questions in you, such as : what is it to be a human being, is there some physical limitations to our humanity, how far could we be willing to go to determine knowledge, is there other dimensions that we can not access to, and above all: what is the nature of this intact and immutable bond that unites us to others wherever we are in the universe ? Is this bond only intelligible, or is it also tangible ? All these questions resonate in harmony in Nolan's Interstellar. Interstellar is itself a crescendo, increasing sensitivity and creativity. I use the term deliberately because it goes crescendo with the soundtrack by Hans Zimmer, which is one of the most beautiful music ever scored for a sci-fi movie. We are witnessing a perfect musical arrangement, a total symbiosis, a bit like the music of Gravity which had understood very well how to match the image and the rhythm of a sequence to its own musicality. Zimmer's crescendos are giving a new powerful breath to every new scene, whether it is in visually powerful & intense moments or in more intimate moments; it intrudes into our momentary feelings and sensations, and manages to extend them, sometimes almost to choking, before resting on the balance of the film frame along with our mind spell-bounded. I have seen all the talent of the director that I knew he was outside the norm, but whom I did not know his capacity to reinvent itself. Because this is it: Interstellar is not an action movie, not really a blockbuster, and it goes not entirely but mostly again the expectations of common people. It's much more than that. This is much more than just a sci-fi movie. It is unlike any of his previous films. Some hoped to see Interstellar as Christopher Nolan's best film, and they were disappointed that this was not the case. And indeed, THIS IS NOT THE BEST FILM of Christopher Nolan. Because in a way, IT IS HIS FIRST FILM. I'm not saying that Interstellar is not as good as his other films, it goes beyond all of them. But to me Interstellar is the first film of a new stage in Nolan's filmography ; it is a masterpiece as it the beginning of a work ahead. Interstellar is the proof that Nolan has finally managed, despite all the expectations that were placed on him after the success of The Dark Knight, to move away from his own reputation to create a personal work, original, humble, sincere and deeply, meticulously, measured. Now, in this third act of the film, it all comes to life with unparalleled strength. Nolan poses and answers questions that raise others. But he focuses his attention on the great mystery of love, that emotional bond that can unite men and sometimes separate them. But Nolan is the only one that can successfully speak of love from a being to another in a film that mainly takes place in a another galaxy. From my point of view, only Solaris by Steven Soderbergh (2002), unfortunately neglected by the audience, was able to accomplish that. Interstellar is based on a premise which is the following : from terrestrial dust to the depths of space and time, we can never be separated from who we are as individuals and as a species, as we always leave a part of ourselves "behind" us. In other words, I could say that this is a human story, and even if we go as far as we want to, if we travel through the universe believing that we can be detached of the one we are fond of, we will only get closer to them. Because the separation, and thus the distance and time, can only ultimately reinforce the relationship between the people who really love each other. Because it is going to the end of the world, when we reach the end of ourselves, that we reach the singularity of the "black hole beyond the horizon" * : it is our humanity. No, I wasn't been able to find any bad flaws in the film. Not one, and I'm still looking. After all, Interstellar is like gravity, "all it takes is a little push ! " There have been many reviewers and critics alike that have high praise for the film (the visual effects, the acting, the music), but say how it's not Christopher Nolan's best directed film. This is where i personally would have to disagree. Before i get into it, though, i'll talk about Interstellar a bit. Interstellar is truly a sci-fi epic like no other. To compare said film to '2001: A Space Odyssey' isn't just a disservice, but unnecessary. The films are almost nothing alike, simply sharing small plot elements. Also, Stanley Kubrick's vision of Arthur C. Clarke's sci-fi epic wasn't to ponder the philosophical questions that accompanied the story, but to make art, and art is was, and is. With Interstellar, Mr. Nolan set out to make his most personal and emotional film to date about love and time (time being a recurring theme throughout all of Nolan's films). But it's so much more than that too. There are no words to express the epic journey Nolan takes us on in the film, but needless to say, it's tear-jerking and emotional throughout. The acting is top-notch, especially McConaughey, who gives (I would say) his most emotional performance yet. But the actor who stole the show in a few scenes (one in particular, when they're on an alien planet) was David Gyasi as Romilly, one of the astronauts aboard the Endurance, their spacecraft. The musical score from Hans Zimmer is, without a doubt, his best and most influential work to date, helping drive the film's bold and breath-taking vision (the church organ helped significantly). The visual effects are easily the best to date as well, and of the year. To see a black hole created through visual effects in such a way, with pages theoretical equations provided by Kip Thorne (theoretical physicist, of whom's work inspired the film's genesis); what you see in the film is the most realistic depiction of a black hole, and even offered new insight to accretion discs surrounding the anomalies. But even everything else, from the alien planets to the Endurance, the visuals always look real. Then, there's the writing. I would definitely have to say this has some of the best dialogue i've ever heard in a sci-fi movie, and the script continually pours or oozes emotion, keeping the audience tethered to the film. Now, about Mr. Nolan. Don't just look at Nolan, but look at his films. Some say Inception would be his masterpiece, while others would say it's The Dark Knight, or Memento. But honestly, every single film Christopher Nolan has directed is a masterpiece not of its genre, but of Nolan. Following is his quiet masterpiece, not the film that put Mr. Nolan on the map as a phenomenal director, but one people visited or revisited after becoming accustomed to Nolan, after seeing Memento, what could be called his breakout masterpiece. Then, right after, he directed the remake of the Norwegian thriller, Insomnia. This, too, could be considered a masterpiece, even if a remake. Then, we were given his take on the Batman universe, starting with Batman Begins, the origin masterpiece. Then, there's The Prestige, adapted from the novel of the same name, which can be called his dark masterpiece. The Dark Knight, his bold masterpiece; Inception, his complex masterpiece, and The Dark Knight Rises, his flawed masterpiece. Now, we have Interstellar, his emotional or personal masterpiece. This is just my looking at Nolan and his films, but whatever your thoughts are, you can't deny Interstellar is one hell of a journey. He certainly is one of the best filmmakers of our time, and of all time. I can't wait to see what he does next, but i'm not sure it will be as emotionally powerful as Interstellar.This movie was all over the place! Not only were the level of impossibilities endless, but the plot was just bad. 3 hours of my Thanksgiving night I'll never get back.Buckle your seatbelts and get ready to go for the greatest space adventure everGreat movie. By Watching this movie you can relate science don't understand yet the higher dimension yet. It must be a God who understand all this and who loved us so much that he travel's through dimension to save us for he loved us so much. He gave us his only son for those who believe him not perish but live forever with him. Watch this movie which is well represented by the laws of physics and will see how small and have few understanding about the universe and its size and complexity, because God only gave us a small percentage of its knowledge to us. Thank Jesus! Love You Very Much! Amén!!!!!!!!!!!!One of my favorite movies of all time.Amazine mind blowing movie. The visual effects and the music is outstanding. I could watch this 100 times and never get bored with it. Watching it brought me to tears, excitement and it was just AMAZING.Focusing on its story-line plot is the biggest mistake you can make while watching this movie. The subplot that focuses on the relationships is the real wonder. The heart-felt moments are key points throughout the movie that build the narrative harder and harder with a climactic ending that pierces your heart. All of this supported by an awesome cast and and unrivaled soundtrack. The story is what holds it back but the experience pushes it beyond any hopes.A movie that wasn't fully grasped by everyone who wrote reviews for it. Absolutely phenomenal. It is simply one of the most beautiful films that I have ever seen in recent yearsEinstein would have walked out. It is trash with an interesting baseline, but actors and dialogues up to game show level kills it totally.My favorite movie of all time!A movie that tries too hard to involve people emotionally in an adventure but fails. The ending was the only meaningful part. The movie was too quick to escalate to different events without giving us time to become familiar with the characters and the situations. Thus they ruined the great emotional involvement that the audience could have shared in this experience. Some parts where even cringe worthy because of their lack of substance. On the other hand the ending saves the entire film and is the only thing perfectly done in the movie which makes the viewer leave with teary eyes and emotionally heavy but overall the movie greatly lacks substance.Just watched Interstellar and it was pleasantly surprised.HOLY SH*T Mind Blown amiright! This movie is toooooo gooodd! -Had to do this for a class lolInterstellar: Christopher Nolan's Greatest Film Christopher Nolan is arguably the greatest film director of our time. He has had many successful, big-budget films release in the 21st century, such as The Dark Knight trilogy and Inception. However, despite those strong films, I believe that Nolan's finest big film he's made in modern times is Interstellar. That's a strong claim to make, considering the amount of commercially and critically successful films Christopher Nolan has directed, but Interstellar is strong enough to make such a strong claim. This also isn't a new movie still in the theaters,so why write about such a topic? I believe that this movie will be a part of the greatest films ever made in generations to come. The secret to these truths lies in the film's perfect balance of grounded relatability, and abstract concepts. "Now hang on a minute," I hear you saying, "you've already listed two other films that Nolan's done that do both of those things." That is true. The Dark Knight trilogy certainly does a good job of staying grounded in the world of Batman, while still keeping some of the fictional concepts of the caped crusader in there. However, The Dark Knight trilogy isn't balanced between those two things. Those movies have a greater emphasis on keeping Batman and Gotham City relatively grounded and relatable to our own world. The most abstract concept present in the films is Ra's al Ghul and his League of Assassins, with their mystical knowledge of supernatural things, but even that is fairly grounded in these movies compared to what they can do in the comics. Often times I consider Nolan's Dark Knight movies as the "realistic" Batman movies. There's nothing wrong with that, that's what makes those movies so good, and indeed being grounded is what helps make Interstellar good, but The Dark Knight trilogy is lacking in keeping the audience in awe and wonder of fantastical impossibilities. "Hang on another minute," I hear you say, "if fantastical impossibilities is what you're looking for, then Inception has you covered." That is also true. Inception definitely isn't lacking in that department, what with the film's concept of going into other people's dreams and subconsciouses, and even making multi-level dreams for a single person. The problem I found with Inception was that, while there were grounded moments in the film, even within the dreams, I found the main abstract concept to be distracting from those moments. I felt the film got too complex within its own fiction for the audience to be able to truly connect with the characters in the story. For me, Inception was an awesome movie to watch, and a good thought-provoking film, but I hardly ever felt moments or characters that I could relate to. Inception is on the opposite side of The Dark Knight trilogy in terms of the grounded-abstract balance. In between these two, though, is Interstellar. Where Interstellar outshines these other two movies is its ability to have characters and moments throughout the film that feel grounded to our own world, and thus relatable, and the abstract concepts that are interwoven into those grounded moments. The basic summary of Interstellar is a former NASA pilot turned farmer, Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), is approached by NASA in hiding to be a pilot for their mission to find a new home for the human race, as Earth is running out of time as a habitable world with a blight pandemic on the rise. Cooper accepts, but only because he believes that his two kids will be able to escape Earth's terrible fate and live. I don't understand a whole lot about finding other habitable planets to live on and colonize, but I do understand wanting to protect my family and keep them safe. I don't have any kids myself, but seeing Cooper willing to go to great lengths to keep his kids safe, even to go as far as travelling to a whole new galaxy and face the terrors of space just to find a new home for his kids, I could strongly relate to Cooper and his struggles. Part of the reason for this is the performance that McConaughey gives as Cooper. He gave an excellent performance in this movie. That's not to say that Christian Bale and Leonardo DiCaprio didn't give great performances in The Dark Knight trilogy and Inception respectively, but the other part that makes McConaughey's performance more powerful, in my opinion, is the context of the character he's playing. He's not playing as a billionaire who dresses up as bat, or a dream-specialist trying to clear his name of a past murder, he's playing the role of a father who wants to keep his kids safe, even in the darkest places of the universe. The best example of the blend of grounded relatability and abstract concepts in Interstellar is between 1 hour 55 minutes and 2 hours 11 minutes in the film. *Spoilers ahead.* Dr. Mann, the scientist whose world Cooper's crew went to as their last hope of finding a habitable planet, reveals to Cooper that he faked the data he had been sending out, and that his planet isn't habitable, he just wanted to be rescued. Mann fights with Cooper, and he breaks a hole into Cooper's face shield in his helmet. Cooper manages to contact the rest of the crew that Mann lied about the planet, and that he was suffocating. The remaining crew fly over to Cooper's location and rescue him, while Mann steals one of their other ships to fly up to the Endurance, an interstellar space station Cooper's crew uses to travel to various planets. Cooper follows Mann, and tries to warn him not to dock with the station. Mann turns off the comms on his ship, and doesn't hear these warnings, and then docks with the station imperfectly. When he tries to enter, the airlock depressurizes, and Mann and his ship blows up, causing the Endurance to spin rapidly. Cooper knows that he can't get away from the planet, and in turn he can't save his kids, without the Endurance. Cooper attempts to match the spin of the station and manually dock with it. This scene is underscored by music, composed by Hans Zimmer, that perfectly relays the tension, intensity, and stakes of the situation to the audience. If Cooper doesn't dock with the station perfectly, not only will he and his crew die, but the rest of mankind will have no hope for survival, including Cooper's kids. The music increases in tempo and volume as Cooper gets closer to docking with the station, and as he begins to dock, the music starts to calm down until it goes to a moment of silence when Cooper and crew successfully dock with the spinning station. I say this moment is not only the best moment of the whole film, but is also a great example of the film's balance between grounded relatability and abstract concepts. Except for a rare few, most of us don't know and won't know what it's like to fly a plane or spaceship, let alone dock one with a space station orbiting a foreign planet that's orbiting a black hole in a foreign galaxy. What most of us do know are the actions we're willing to take to protect those we love, even if those actions seem impossible to others. The interaction between Cooper and a on-board robot, CASE, in regards to matching the spin of the ship with the Endurance, demonstrates this statement: "CASE: It's not possible. COOPER: No, it's necessary." This brief bit of dialogue in this scene is the best bit of dialogue in the film, due to the grounded-abstract balance the film attains, when impossibilities smack into real and urgent necessities. While Nolan has made many great films, Interstellar is his finest work, and I believe will always be among his finest work going forward. Whether he can top the perfect blend of grounded relatability and abstract concepts of this film in his future films has yet to be seen, but I believe that this film will go down as Nolan's greatest work, and even as one of the greatest films in human history.(95/100) A very very good Sci-Fi that delivers on its runtime.Nolan is at his best in this space-time thriller with superb performances from McConaughey and Chastain. Nolan weaves a fascinating and twist filled story complete with excellent visual effects. A must see for any space or thriller genre fans.Some interesting ideas/concepts and a shit scenario with the worst cliches of Hollywood. It was bad.One of the last amazing movies I saw in the cinema. We defenetly need more of this kind of movies. Great image, great picture, great sound track and the least and more important, great story. One of a kindI know this is cliche but Interstellar is breathtaking and fills you with a sense of awe, and leaves you with a question of "Where do we go from here? Where will our future take us?". It is a truly amazing film.I found this film very interesting with a very good concept. I thought the run time was a bit unnecessary, could of shorten it a little. Visually great as well. I Thought him going in and being able to come out of a black hole was a bit unrealistic idea but i suppose it's possible, maybe. No idea.Masterpiece even if it's a little too much.Another Nolan directed thinker (like Inception), that may go a little too far. Raises a lot of questions, and doesn't have as many answers as you would want. Not that it's a bad movie, it's got great characters and acting, with amazing visuals, great alien worlds, and theoretical physics that really get your mind going. The relationships are believable, and the telling of the hardships of the people of the future is relatable, and believable (although quite possibly not within the time frame suggested in this movie). I enjoyed the ending, as it wrapped things up mostly well, but will still require a bit more independent research, or another viewing. Watched on the airplane going to New York City on October 7, 2017.Greatest movie of all time.One of the best movies ever watchedBest Sci-fi movie I've ever seen.3 hours is far to long to tell this story. An enjoyable film though with a fair few eye rolling momentsNot a bad film by any means. Not even a mediocre film. Just one that doesn't have your typical Nolan coherence and immersion. Great performances all around especially from Matthew McConaughey who creates an emotional character to get behind and stunning visual effects and sequences but the movie just gets lost in its greater meaning by sacrificing proper emotions as well as coherence.The consensus on this site claims that the movie's "intellectual reach somewhat exceeds its grasp"---but truth be told, the problem with Interstellar is the precise opposite. That's actually the problem with most Nolan films: He is a master of visual storytelling, with some of the richest and most imaginative settings in recent memory, sublime scoring, and precisely tuned plotting. Yet a movie like Interstellar stumbles, ultimately, because the ideas driving it are so flimsy. Love as a measurable force? C'mon. In attempting to celebrate what makes us human, he divorces us from our inmost desires and drives, making them alien and supernatural and metaphysical. Even a Philosophy 101 student knows better than that. And making matters worse is the remarkable sexism and bad faith politics Nolan needs to drive these points home, all couched in the appearance of their opposite: It may look like we have two strong female characters, but the whole point for Nolan is that they are irrational, and continually punished for it. But it sure is nice to watch, I admit. UPDATE: Having now seen the runtime cutdown to a clean 95 mins and its lofty self-importance cut apart by riffing cutups, I'm all the more amazed that audiences would ever think of this as anything other than a black hole of excessively heavy-handed metaphysical codswallop. Good pseudo-Philip Glass score, though.This film proved that Nolan can make any movie and it will be good; this film is Christopher Nolan 2nd best he has ever made (Behind The Dark Knight). It has fantastic acting by Matthew McConaughey, Jessica Chastain, Casey Affleck, Michael Caine, (Spoiler if you have not seen it) Matt Damon, and Anne Hathaway (Although her character wasn't the most interesting her performance was fantastic. The relationship between Father and Daughter is wonderful and you can truly feel it and it is a big emotional factor in this film. Now the musical score by Hans Zimmer is by far the best in this movie; it is so great and personally I think it is not only Hans Zimmer best musical score yet, I think it is the best Musical Score of all time. I have few negatives with this film: It has some storytelling problems in a way the first time you view this movie you won't get some stuff and sometimes you won't know what is going on probably because of all the crazy scientific stuff in it (So view it a second time to really give this movie a feel) and my second and last negative is that these characters won't act like normal humans at times and do some things that your like a normal person or even a super smart person won't even do and I think they do that so they can move the plot along. But at the end of the day this film is incredible and you should check it out.Hard to watch the whole thing again but if you stick to the end you get a great finish.Another Masterpiece From Christopher NolanBeautifully made and we'll write story had me shocked at the end with where the story was going. The score, cinematography and cast were perfect. Really smart movie that gives you a sense of journey when you get to the end. 5/5Absolutely amazing movie. Every aspect blew my mindSo inspiring, arguably the best story of self sacrifice in film history.A really great movie. Visually stunning, and I personally love when movie heavy with science actually portrays accurate science. Which is the case (for the most part) with this movie. Don't skip it.This is one of my most favourite films that I have watched in ages, and the music that goes with it too is amazing.Honestly if we get past all of the confusing rhetoric and science lingo that goes on in the movie, this still is an epic movie and tale of both sacrifice and hardship. Nolan does an incredible job filming such a large scale story and the set pieces and imagery for the movie is breathtaking. Minor plot holes and confusing dialogue to help audiences understand what is going on isn't very effective, but you also can't help but marvel in the spectacle that is space travel; and Nolan tackles this with huge success.Loved most of it. Matt Damon's character was like a cartoon and the love thing was cheesy and contradicts the initial tone established. Was wondering if it was possible to edit the movie down to just the stuff in space. All the scenes on earth weren't great and I think it might have been possible to ignore it completely. Beautiful effects. The practical stuff blends wonderfully with the CGI.Just boring. Cheap setting and no profound background.Clever and grandiose, from its Kubrick-inspired camera work to its haunting soundtrack, "Interstellar" unfortunately lacks the intellectual subtlety of its previous films, as well as unnecessary scenes that do nothing more to compliment the already complicated storyline.I could watch this movie repeatedlyI loved it up until Matthew McConaughey got trapped in the bookcaseI know they tried hard to make the big science as accurate as possible, but it was the small science (the indestructible spaceship) that frustrated me. I also remain resolutely sure that films do not have to be this long!A visually stunning film filled with terrific performances and an amazing Hans Zimmer score. However, the final ten minutes derail an otherwise fantastic film.Book shelf made no sense.one of the best I ever watchedA pretty good space movie, even though it's not spectacular, it won't fail to entertain you.Truly a spectacular film * * * * * 5 starsNot perfect. But a beautiful movie.SCOTT: (Dr. Scott Allison, Professor of Psychology, University of Richmond) Greg, it s just as I thought -- Matthew McConaughey is a space cadet. GREG: (Greg Smith, Founder of Agile Writers of Richmond, VA) This could have been called 2001: The Year We Make Contact. Let s recap: SCOTT: We meet a man named Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) who lives on earth in the not too distant future. The Earth at this point is a dying planet. Dust storms and blight are ravaging a dwindling human population that relies on a weakening agrarian economy. Cooper has a teenage son and a 10-year-old daughter named Murphy (Mackenzie Foy), whose bedroom is the scene of odd occurrences. Books fall off her shelves and dust arranges itself in strange patterns. Cooper figures out that the dust contains coordinates to a location nearby. When he and Murphy drive there, they discover a huge, secret NASA base. GREG: Because the Earth is dying, the only way out is towards the stars. By some miracle a wormhole has emerged near Saturn (why so far away?) and NASA has sent 12 men and women out to find planets on the other side of the wormhole (near other stars) that could sustain the survivors of Earth. But there is a Plan B - they ve in vitro-fertilized enough eggs to start a new colony of humans on a habitable planet in the event that it takes too long to find a safe world. Take too long, you say? Well, because of the relativistic effects of space travel and flying near black holes and through wormholes, what seems like a few years to our heroes could be a century back on Earth. So, NASA has asked Cooper (a former astronaut) to man the final mission and find the habitable planet. But, he will have to leave behind his young daughter. Will he return in time to save her? Or will he be marooned in space leaving behind the last of his kind? SCOTT: Interstellar is a complex, ambitious, space epic. It s a long movie, covering almost three hours, and its topic and detailed story are so complex that if it were a television show it could be a long-running mini-series. As a movie, it could have easily been carved into a trilogy. But the decision was made to condense this sweeping arc into a single 170-minute long film. The result is a movie that is breathtaking in scope but a bit too densely packed to give its grand cosmological theme the room it needed to breathe. Still, I was impressed. Interstellar is no lightweight escapist science fiction story. There is a lot to sink our teeth into here, and some of it is pretty heavy emotional material. The earth is in its death throes, the close bonds between fathers and daughters are being shattered, and heroic astronauts are dying in space while trying to save humanity from extinction. We learn that John Lennon was prescient when he sang love is the answer more than 40 years ago, as love is interwoven with physics during the film s many attempts to explain the workings of the universe. GREG: When you look at Interstellar you cannot help but compare it to classic science fiction movies gone by. It has the trippy look and feel of 2001: A Space Odyssey. But it is far more coherent than Kubrick s masterpiece. And, like Contact, the relationships and bonds between father and daughter are at the core of this story. And that is what I really walked away with in Interstellar. As any good story should be, this is a story about relationships. The physics and high technology were amply evident (who cannot love robots with the personalities of Marines?). But this is very much a story about people. We see how a planet reacts when the food supply runs out. We see how people grow to fear science they cannot understand. There s a wonderful scene where a teacher replaces textbooks with government-issue books explaining that the Apollo missions were faked as a way to bankrupt the Russians. And there s a quote about sending Cooper s older son to college to study farming because the world doesn t need any more engineers. We didn t run out of planes and television sets. We ran out of food. SCOTT: As hero stories go, you can t do much better than Interstellar. Cooper follows the classic hero journey almost to the letter. He is sent out into space (the unfamiliar world) and he is charged with saving the world. All heroes are missing some quality, and in Cooper s case he is missing an understanding of what binds the universe together. The answer is not unlike what Dorothy discovers in The Wizard of Oz -- the answer is love, home, and gravity. Ironically, Cooper mentors himself, or more specifically (using wormhole time-travel magic) Cooper s older self serves as the mentor to his younger self. Professor Brand (Michael Caine) and an older version of Murphy also assist Cooper on his journey. At the end, Cooper is a transformed individual, having gained an understanding of his place in the universe. Overall, it s a textbook hero story. GREG: I think you re giving short-shrift to the message here. While Cooper already understands how to love - he has an undying love for his daughter. But he doesn t see love as a binding force in the universe - as much as we see time or the three dimensions. He has an argument with co-astronaut Brand (Anne Hathaway) who wants to let her heart be her guide. She posits that finding her lost love (one of the astronauts who went before them) is just as valid as calculating orbits and fuel ratios. And this is the lesson that our hero ultimately learns. It is his love for his daughter that finally drives him to make a connection with her in the past. He manipulates time and space to send her a message that will save her and what is left of humanity. In the end, the lesson learned is that love binds the universe just as much as any other dimension. That s pretty heady stuff for a geek movie. If you want to look for villains, we see a different take on villainy here. Professor Brand makes the decision for all mankind that trying to escape Earth and transplant the existing humans on another planet is fruitless. He has decided that Plan B is the ultimate solution. So, he s lied to his daughter as well as everyone else on the mission. Plan A was never the goal. This villainy is different from most that we ve seen. This is the villainy of a lack of hope. The Professor gave up hope for all of mankind and reasoned that the only hope was to start over. One of the castaway astronauts was Dr. Mann (Matt Damon in a surprise appearance). He knew about Plan B. But the planet he found was not appropriate for human colonization. He purposely sent back a glowing report so that someone would come and rescue him. He has the villainous attribute of self-centeredness. This is also the point where the movie talks about preservation of the species and preservation of the individual. The conclusion is that the species can never overcome the selfish aspects of self-preservation. SCOTT: There is a good reason why Interstellar is a November release rather than a summer popcorn release. This movie makes us think, not just feel. We are treated to fabulous CGI effects, of course, but more importantly we are compelled to ponder deeply about our place in the universe and what lengths we would go to save our planet. The integration of love and gravity as the glue that binds us all together is an inspiring take-home message. I give this movie 4 Reels out of 5. As I noted, the hero story would make Joseph Campbell proud. Most of the central elements of the hero s journey from classic myth and legend shine through in their fullest form. Cooper possesses just about all eight of the Great Eight characteristics of heroes: he is strong, smart, resilient, charismatic, reliable, caring, selfless, and inspirational. There is even a reverse form of atonement of the father . I give him 5 Heroes out of 5. The villainy in this movie is difficult to categorize, and you re correct, Greg, that it defies convention in some ways. Professor Brand and Dr. Mann are possible villains, yes, but Cooper s main opponent is Nature. He is in a constant race against time and other laws of physics. Interstellar is not a movie about a hero defeating a villain. It s about a hero solving problems of the heart and problems of nature. For this reason, my villain rating is a mere 2 out of 5. Movie: Villains: Heroes: GREG: I agree, Scott. Interstellar was clearly released in November as an Oscar contender. It has high-caliber stars (McConaughey, Hathaway, Caine, Damon, Chastain) and high-value CGI. But that wasn t enough for Gravity last year. We ll have to see what Meryl Streep is up to this year. Still, I was totally engrossed for the full 170 minutes. And I am the target demographic for this movie (Baby Boomer Geeks). I give Interstellar 5 out of 5 Reels. McConaughey really delivered in this film (although there were a few truck driving scenes that seemed to echo his recent Lincoln commercials). As a hero Cooper has everything we look for. He is so selfless that he gives up a lifetime with his daughter to save the human race. That s a lot of self sacrifice. I give Cooper 5 out of 5 Heroes. And I hate to agree with you three times in a row, Scott, but it s true: Time is the villain in this story. It is warped and twisted in ways like no other villain we have studied this year. Still, you need a human character to have an argument with, or to be betrayed by. Professor Brand and Dr. Mann weren t the strongest of villains, but they exposed two different parts of the villain s psyche (lack of hope and self-preservation) that we haven t seen before. I give them 3 out of 5 Villains. Movie: Villains: Heroes:A wonderfully intelligent sci-fi movie of the best kind. Not an action movie, but more thought provoking than that. *possible spoiler alert* I had trouble understanding Coop's mumbled dialogue at times, and the whole secret Thunderbirds type set-up in what must be Coop's adjacent field that they are quite happy to give guided tours to passers by and offer them a job was more than a little silly, but glossing over the enabling nonsense to begin the epic, it was extremely good.Such a masterpiece of Nolans best sci-fi perfomance with great casts, visuals, and enterntaining emotional experience from start to end.I don't get why there are people who don't like Interstellar. They're entitled to their own opinions of course, but why is it that haters are the loudest, even if the movie is actually good? The Dark Knight Rises, I can understand, hell, I think the 5 stars I gave it in my review were a bit generous but was Interstellar really that polarizing despite what IMDb might say? Is it the overlong runtime? Some of the most universally acclaimed movies in history are 3 hours long. Oh, I think it's the scientific education, which proved to be too much for audiences. But, like most Nolanites, I think Interstellar is amazing. The visuals and cinematography are breathtaking, with the aspect ratio changing into fullscreen whenever it sees an opportunity to say "Hey look, amazing visuals". It's a thought-provoking story about love. I think I almost cried a bit with Matthew McConaughey when he sees his children sending him a video message having grown up to become Casey Affleck and Jessica Chastain since 23 years have passed. Yeah, science. Hans Zimmer's score is phenomenal. In fact, I think Interstellar does its best to be scientifically accurate. Especially since one of the crew members is actually involved in science. It may be confusing but, like most Christopher Nolan movies, it's confusing in a good way. The result? An ambitious, gorgeous and even nearly heartbreaking sci-fi adventure that proves Nolan's still on a roll in his post-Dark Knight trilogy days. And, seeing how much everyone's loving Dunkirk so far, I just might go ahead and watch it.Interstellar aka Spaception A film review by: Corey J Smith When Christopher Nolan, the creator of the film, "Inception", decided to take his next adventure to the stars, there was no question that it promised to be mind blowing and spectacular. That's what "Interstellar" does. It doesn't go gentle into that goodnight. It goes where lead actor Matthew McConaughey has never been before. It's two and half hour runtime explores strange new worlds that are masterfully rendered. As with all journeys into space, Interstellar finds it's beginning on a stricken Earth. An agricultural blight has wiped out most of the world's capacity for food production, except corn. Massive dust storms plague the planet. The number one form of employment is farming. This results in Depression Era like state where Joseph Cooper (Mcconaughey), a former NASA pilot, struggles to get by and provide for his family. Through a series of mysterious events, he's recruited into a last ditch effort by the remnants of NASA to travel into deep space via worm-hole and save the world. To do so, though, means he must leave behind his family, especially his precocious young daughter, Murphy (Murph). The story is both familiar and exploratory. In the face of great hardship, an individual must take extraordinary measures to save not only his family but countless others as well. Cooper is often confronted with instances where he must choose between what he wants and what would be best for others. Nolan weaves both a story of personal hardship and a foil for the challenges which face humanity on a greater scale. As Cooper states at one point in the film, "We used to look up and wonder about our place among the stars. Now we look down and wonder about our place in the dirt." In light of all that goes on in our day, Interstellar asserts that the best way is always forward and upward. It sparks the imagination and the possibilities of what more is 'out there'. From the start, Cooper is clearly a devoted family man. He abandoned his former passion of being a NASA test pilot so he could better care for his children after the passing of his wife. It's clear he has a distaste for farming life, but does so because he loves his children. This is what makes Cooper relatable. Nolan takes Cooper's relatability a step further as he introduces Professor Brand (Caine) and Amelia Brand (Hathaway), the top minds at NASA who appeal to Cooper to take on the dangerous mission to save humanity. Knowing that he's probably the only one capable of carrying out the mission, Cooper accepts, keeping in mind that his efforts would not only benefit humanity but also give his children a future. His election to depart on the mission puts a strain between him and Murph's relationship as he leaves without reconciling the costly nature of the journey, realizing it could take years to return. After he leaves, his family moves on and he can only watch and wait eagerly to return home. Meanwhile, their mission is confronted with various challenges which put in jeopardy Cooper's ability to return home to his family, putting his resolve to the test. Cooper's struggle mirrors the complexities of contemporary life as challenges abound in our lives and we strive to satisfy the demands asked of us by various parties. The question in the end is whether or not we can reconcile the differences between those parties in light of the challenges we have to overcome. On a side note, seeing as how I don't like spoilers, I won't say how it works out for Cooper. Interstellar is by far one of the most visually and scientifically picturesque films to date. A central feature of the film is human deep space travel is enabled by a worm hole that appears next to Jupiter. On the other side is an expansive solar system dominated by an appropriately named black hole called "gargantuan". These central features of the film were rendered by physicists and artists. Their efforts yield a dazzling panorama of space, which offers a glimpse into the most complex form of human travel available. The immensity of such scenes is sure to captivate and amaze. Interstellar also manages to put a proverbial cherry on top of its freeze dried ice cream sundae of cinematic mastery. Hans Zimmer's musical prose in Interstellar shines brightly as he too embarks on an odyssey with his composition. His selection of the organ as his instrument of choice stands out from his other notable film scores, which often featured large brass and string sections. Its range of tone enhances the overall intensity of the film from moment to moment, from the tranquil to the chaotic and the melancholy to the joyful. Much like Nolan's writing, Zimmer's score acts as a portal through which one may reach out and touch the raw emotion of the film. A prominent scene in the film shows Cooper and Brand landing on a watery planet beset by perpetually reoccurring tidal waves the size of mountains (which they mistook as mountains). As Cooper and Brand look about, Zimmer's piece is quiet and supports the feeling of exploration. Upon realizing something isn't right, the music builds until it reaches a deep crescendo that is synonymous with Cooper and Brand's realization that the mountains aren't really mountains at all. Who wouldn't want their day to go by without Hans Zimmer's musical accents? If there ever was a film that was both deep in nature and well-rounded with intensity and action, it would be Interstellar. The combination of genius script writing, heart pounding music, visual effects, and complex creates a tapestry worthy of space. From exploring the concept of a fifth dimension (yes, it really does), to simply making you sweat with anticipation because a few particular scenes are just so suspenseful, Interstellar does just that. It aims for infinity and beyond and makes it. You'll leave having travelled among the stars and will not simply go gentle into the good night.I see why it didn't do that great in theater, its very hard to follow the plot but the movie is going to be the beat 3 hours of your life. This film changes everything about filmmaking. This . . . art has the best not the best acting I've ever seen put on film. The visuals is were its at baby the most stunging I ever seen. The music . . . alright the music is the greatest part of this film, Zim's greatest piece onto film. This film is very emotional and it will be the greatest emotions on earth. In short this art change my way of thinking movies and I hope it will the same to you.One of the best movies about space, time and human emotions!One of the all time greatest movies, Rollercoaster of emotions.It was amazing although a bit confusing eh so what also great music by Hans Zimmer and great movie by Christopher NolanThis movie is a masterpiece.A thrilling and complex film with grand performances and a entertaining and very detailed script, yet another hit from NolanThe visual spectacle is unmatched and McConaughey's performance is riveting, but the movie is a bloated mess propelled by hokey pseudoscience and unpalatable new age silliness.honestly my favorite movie the whole story is just a giant work of artNolan knew what he was doing and it's visual stunning film full of passion and intensity that one is engaged with the screen until the end. The best written character is cooper and Mathew McConaughey is so good at playing Cooper that we could careless about the other poorly written characters. You will have chills from the raw emotions and breath taking shots created by Nolan and his team.Uh, I expected more. Too long and weird. I did like the spherical black hole.Loved the movie so much as well with the soundtrack.The movies is awesome but it goes beyond science fiction that feels annoying sometimes.While parts of it are a bit out there and questionable from the average viewer, the beautiful visuals and a sinister third act entrance from Matt Damon make for a strong film that is working to be something truly original.Loved the movie even though it was confusing and complicated. I wish to watch the movie again in future because I hope that i'll understand it thenAn ambitious idea, but the plot requires a lot of focus and attention as it can be quite confusing and complexBreathtaking, beautiful, emotional, hopeful, and just simply extraordinary. Interstellar takes a linear plot and distorts everyone's view/idea of time to something new. I can't say i've ever seen a movie reach as far as this one does, but Interstellar performs this flawlessly. The plot will bring you on the brink of tears and your highest sense of joy. Multiple themes are tackled, hope, love, time, promises, and more and all leave a lasting impression on the viewer. Some of the most accurate scientific research/work went in to the production of this movie (Kip Thorne assisted) and brings ideas that most viewers have never even thought of. A chilling score by Hanz Zimmer brings emotion to every scene, and is so important to the overall appeal of this incredible movie. The acting is phenomenal. McConaughey, Hathaway, Caine, etc (Nolan's favs) help aid the display of this movie's ideas and emotion. Overall, Interstellar shoots high and ends up even higher. It thrills, engages, and flat out astounds it's viewers in it's 3 hour runtime. It will leave you emotional, hopeful, and thinking about everything it has to offer for weeks after viewing. Those who were dissatisfied with the movie did not look at it for what it brought, but rather for a mere space film, something that it completely blows out of the water. Dialogue mixing and a cliche line about love are not its highest points, but in no way take away from the sheer amazement that this movie brings it's viewers. Undoubtedly a top 5 movie that I have ever viewed.Just like every other Christopher Nolan film I have seen, I just loved it! A superb cast does an excellent job with an outstanding script, cinematography, special effects and great directing to make a nail-bitingly thrilling narrative of a struggle of humanity to survive. I just wish I had seen this in 3D on a big screen!under rated by far! a complex and great story tellingMy favourite movie of all time.best sci-fi after 2001It's an amazing film with beautiful visuals and a epic narrative that people dont give it enough credit for. I do think its one of the best films of that year because it truly showed the lonely but beautiful vastness of space.Christopher Nolan's Interstellar adds another worthy addition to movie history as it explores science fictional possibilities with a strong cast, amazing score, smart narrative and brilliantly written story.Terrible, just terrible. Cheesy graphics, horrible story line, a father who will just leave his daughter at a whims notice, more cheesy graphics, Matt Damon (WTF is he doing in this movie, this isn't the Martian), more horrible story lines, bad twists, inaccurate gravity references (there is no gravity in space) and so on. I know its a movie, but with a great cast like this the movie really under-delivered.Absolutely beautiful and awe inspiring. Nolan's best so far.Definitely Nolan's most ambitious and weakest film to date...flawless beautiful and perfect sci movie ever..!Sometimes you got to see that scene fiction can be very entertaining for those who like this kind of plots. Almost as if you wanted to see that humanity can still f.up earth and still be safe. Good choice if you don't have anything to do on a Sunday.I bless my country because the dubbing made this movie enjoyable. The English was hard to understand.Long but interesting. The world is dying and a select few are sent tbrough a wormhole to another galaxy to look for a planet to live.Terrible boring. Nothing about this was a good movie. If I had a time machine I would go back in time and prevent myself from seen this turd.One of the best films ever made. Scientifically the most intelligent film of all time. A grand technical masterpiece, with greatly thought-provoking writing and direction, complex characters and wonderful performances. 2001: A Space Odyssey was not as widely appreciated as it is today, now it is considered maybe the greatest film of all time by the most distinguished critics. Although this film does not surpass 2001, as I don't believe any film ever will do, it will be another film more appreciated and revered in the future. It is just another misunderstanding for later generations to clarify.Interstellar has to be one of the great Space Odyssey films since 2001 a Space Odyssey. Interstellar is directed and written by Christopher Nolan. With a star-struck cast staring Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Bill Irwin, Casey Affleck, Ellen Burstyn, John Lithgow, and Michael Caine. The movies sets in a dystopian future where humanity is struggling to survive, the film follows a group of astronauts to travel through a wormhole in search of a new home for humanity. Back into 2014, me and a group of friends are very in love with Christopher Nolan Films. Every time that if Christopher Nolan is releasing a new film, I am there!! I love Christopher Nolan's bills no if's nor buts. Not just because of tackling of great direction which this film is, not just the music by Hans Zimmer which it is fantastic, has to be one of the greatest movie soundtracks ever put to film history, cinematography is always the best of Christopher Nolan which it is in this film!! Not even a single flawless with any tackle direction that Christopher Nolan puts into himself. Every time that Christopher Nolan makes a film it seems and breathes practical effects, this film is heavily heavily used with CGI, I couldn't even tell it looks like this film was made out of outer space, completely!! I do have some flaw moments with the story actually, because you know why, because every single time when I go see a Christopher Nolan film I try to detect the flaws of his films. I don't want to I don't need to. I just do because every single time of when I go see a Christopher Nolan film, I have to bring my brain with me. I do that to every practical film I go see, but I have no flawness with this film to complain about. Every time I get the Blu-ray of any film I like to go behind the scenes, especially with Christopher Nolan films, they bringing a team of scientists for this film. This film is filled with science, practically this is not a three hour action-packed film, it is a Science course of space in college. Matthew McConaughey is excellent in this film, he just won Dallas Buyers Club for Best actor. He was on the right road when he chose his new project with Christopher Nolan and he did flawlessly amazing. And this is what I love about Christopher Nolan's characters humanity is the character. Choosing should I stay home with my kids or should I go to space to save my kids. Cooper, his character chose to save his kids. Anne Hathaway is pretty damn good in this film as well. I think this was her best collaboration with Christopher Nolan yet. I'm not gonna spoil this film I keep saying this in every single review for Christopher Nolan because it is required in my book to see a Christopher Nolan film. Interstellar has to be one of the most ambitious films of space that is ever been puttin out ever!! Interstellar was one of my favorite films of 2014, this film actually did drove me to the movie theater every single time I saw this film at least five times because it was that remarkable, visually amazing just visually. Hans Zimmer score is breathtakingly amazing, I think one of his best ever put out. I do love his music for the dark Knight, I do love inception his score, The lion King is his best, but this score of interstellar has to be his best. I can't wait for his collaboration with Dunkirk that's coming out in a couple weeks. Sadly enough I do get the ending, I don't want to spoil it but let's just say it's almost like Stephen Spielberg meets with Christopher Nolan for the first time, and still has its ambiguous ending. Really good. Interstellar has to be one of the most ambitious space films ever put out, no exposition, just spaced traveling to save the world and it eye-opening for humanity if it ever turns out to be this way in the future for us. Christopher Nolan is still has it!! Grade: A Perfect 10This movie is awesome. A real thinker. The visuals The score The story are alll wonderful in this. One of if not Matthew McConaughey's best acting performances. And what's even better is that Neil DeGrasse Tyson gave this a hard 8 for how realistic the science is. If u havent seen its a must watch especially for anyone who enjoys a good outterspace movie with accuracy.Brilliant. Most Realistic Space Colonization Film. Ultra Spiritual from a Conscious Perspective. Resounding Thought: It's Not Possible... it's NECESSARY -- the Crises Moment of Evolution ~~Don't come for the drama. But do come for the sciene. I do not know of a better depiction of events as travelling through a worm hole or black hole. It was the first time I saw a wormhole, a 5-dimensional tesseract. It blows you away. Especially when it is so gorgeous and frightening as these phenomenons. It is like Nolan took an astronomy textbook and visualized it. (it is everything, it is reality on film) Every time the camera is pointed to actors though things go sour - so much went wrong there. Every character is wasted, no relationships are established correctly. The script feels like a counterweight to the visual storytelling: Nolan builds this haunting world with extreme crop shortage, dust storms - it is no meteorite-crash scenery that kills our earth, no, our planet and the humans on it are dying slowly, the subtlety makes the decay feel real. And then you have a just plain stupid interaction between cooper and a teacher where discuss whether scientific research is of any value. The space shots did their job, Nolan! I was amazed, inspired, completely struck by them - in so much love for humanity - and then you make Anne Hathaway give a cringey, cringey speech about love and how it guides people?! Why?! Also, why are known actors even hired any more? Not for a second was I not seeing Jason Bourne, Alfred and Fantine.Hands down one of the bet movies I have ever seen and is s=top of my favorite movies. The music and the scene fit perfectly to portray a compelling story that I had not seen in any movies so far. Truly a BeautyI went to hear the sound track but was let down. The Docking scene was well done musically ..but as important to the film no more than any other risky event. Too many dramatic climaxes left me feeling musically pummledA Stunning, Emotional, Breathtaking Masterpiece! Words cannot explain how sad this film is with exceptional performances from Matthew McConaughey and the brilliant Jessica Chastain. The amazing visuals leave you gasping for more and the scientifically accurate portrayal of space draws us as the viewer into a believable world. The use of practical effects makes me love this film even more, it shows to the viewers that actual effort was put into this amazing film!I looove this movie heartwarming groundbreaking and just an overall great storyEnding was a bit odd and not well thought out.Interstellar is the best sci-fi movie ever made!And the best movie of 2014! Based on an era in the near future,where humanity is dying of crop failure due to severe dust storms,a team of space explorers from NASA must find an inhabitable planet for our survival! The movie is an epic space adventure where gigantic cinematic celestial landmarks are traversed to meet the potential planets! Using principles of Einstein's Equations of General Relativity,the movie uses the most accurate scientific aspect for science geeks which is beautifully woven in the screenplay and in the visual elements! The visuals for the rendering of black holes and giant tidal waves and wormholes use minimal CGI and maximum practical effects making the audience have the best cinematic experience! The score by Hans Zimmer is by-far his best composition ever!It pumps you up in every thrilling moments and shakes you at sudden moments and also connects oneself with the eternal! Deep down,it also is about a father-daughter love story and beautifully explores the concepts of time-dilation,isolation and relationships between the alive and the dead via scientific explanations explained for understanding of the common audience too! Overall,the movie is a thrill-ride on cinema-scale as an hour and 6 minutes of it was shot on IMAX film!The movie is so-far Nolan's most ambitious project and dwells into the hearts of its audience!!!I see an ambitious film capture problems of human life in the future, yet face issues in a confusing and unlikely way. It has a good premise, realistic acting, good characters and amazing visuals. I enjoyed it and think it needs recognition and not just criticism and negative disapproval. Better then most films like it.Una vez más, Christopher Nolan nos descresta con una de sus películas. Definitivamente una de las mejores de las películas de su género que nos tienen pegados al asiento, viendo con ansiedad su creatividad sin fronteras. ¡Buena suerte en los Oscar!Interstellar takes a look at how progressive education has taken away from the tradition and Americana of our age. Children being taught in schools only what the government thinks they need to know in order to be productive members of society. The world has no dreamers and it is reduced to all things practical but the events to follow go far beyond the imagination, or lack there of. Prepare to be dazzled by Matthew McConaughey's performance of a lifetime.Interstellar is so goodInterstellar: Christopher Noaln's Science Epic is as audacious as it is intellegently flawed. Interstellar is full of boring dialouge and an a unevenly paced story and an unlikable main character for 2 hours of boring sci-Fi and a twist so melodramatic M Night Shyamalone could have done the twist better. Interstellar is another dissapointing movie from a once promising director.The Movie keeps getting bogged down in it's thoughts and then has to build momentum again and again. Cannot recommend.Great cast, great story, but too long. I think some scenes weren't necessary for the developing of the movie.Long, but a really good film.This movie is beautiful. To start off with the soundtrack there isn't much variation but the theme is very beautiful and fits the chaos of the movie at its climax perfectly. The movie itself is difficult to understand unless watched a few times (which anyone in their right mind would be perfectly fine with) but how can you expect a movie displaying several theories regarding astronomical physics to be easy to understand right off the bat? But I think that's what makes this movie so beautiful. It leaves you thinking in deep thought about whether you believe the theories displayed and whether or not the things depicted are actually possible. I personally find the movie inspiring and it leaves me hungry for a further understanding of physics and different dimensions.I absolutely love that actors in this movie. As the characters kept appearing on the screen, I was shaking my head at the enormous talent and star power they assembled. That being said, the pacing of the movie is too slow (causing it to come in at nearly 3 hours), and the lack of adherence to the laws of science is pretty jarring. However, the movie is well acted, the story is interesting, and the ending is satisfactory. It deals with scientific theories beyond many of our intelligence levels, yet weaves them into a story about the fate of humanity and the strength of the bonds that may save us from ourselves. I don't know what could have been removed, but it needed to have either a faster pace or less detail. It seemed interminably long.Interstellar - Opa, esse é polemico hein... Filme dirigido pelo Christopher Nolan, é um filme emocionante, confuso, forte, inteligente e que te faz pensar, o famoso "Filme Cabeça". Algumas pessoas dizem que o diretor não sabe trabalhar emoções em seus filmes, que ele não passa humanização, que ele é muito "robô", mas o interstellar que é um dos filmes mais famosos dele, mostra que essas pessoas estão erradas. A construção dos personagens aqui são magnificas, nos primeiros 10 minutos de filme você já se simpatiza com os personagens e se importa com eles, em 40 minutos de filme o Nolan já faz você chorar e se emocionar com o filme. Na idá para a missão, deixando a sua família para trás, um adendo a essa passagem do filme, a sua trilha sonora magnifica, só a trilha te comove e te faz deixar os olhos marejados de emoção, cada dialogo escrito te arrepia. A fotografia do filme é muito linda em planos abertos, o Nolan gosta de fazer esses takes, mais longe do que está acontecendo, mostrando mais geograficamente o local, da cena, como de fora da estação espacial, de cima da fazenda, mostrando o tamanho do gargantua, ou a beleza do planeta de gelo e água!. Ainda falando sobre a direção do filme, ele sempre tenta ter um ar mais real nos filmes dele, nesse também não foi diferente, nada na direção de arte parece ser futurista ou impossível de existir. Eu sempre faço questão de citar o realismo dele, porque é uma das coisas que eu mais admiro sobre o diretor britânico. Falando um pouco sobre a trilha sonora do filme, pra mim, é um dos melhores e maiores trabalhos do compositor Hans Zimmer, emociona e te deixa agoniado. Arrepios e olhos marejados ouvindo a trilha sonora dentro do contexto do filme é muito bom de sentir. E enfim, o roteiro do filme, sendo o 1° ato o melhor deles, é bem desenvolvido, e busca aproximar o publico dos personagens, ponto para o roteiro. O 2° ato se desenvolve muito bem, mas com alguns furos. Isso recorre também ao fato de ser um filme de ficção cientifica espacial, muitas pessoas não entendem aquelas teorias e logicas de espaço que estão sendo apresentadas, eu tenho um raso conhecimento sobre, e com isso eu consegui entender a maioria das coisas. Existem furos, alguns são claros, como explicações que eles mesmo dão, mas que não fazem sentido, e fica por isso mesmo. O 3° ato é o "desastroso", é o porque de algumas pessoas terem odiado o filme. Ele vai dando soluções radicais ao filme e montando toda uma teoria gravitacional, que volta no tempo mudando o passado através da gravidade, com salas infinitas de tempos diferentes e... é confuso eu sei. Eu particularmente achei muito interessante e curioso, essa ideia colocada no filme "nada volta no tempo, só a gravidade.", e através disso eles montam o final do filme, com plot twist, e ele fica de certa forma em aberto. Esse em geral é um dos meus filmes favoritos. É uma ficção emocionante de drama, com uma trilha sonora impecável e com uma historia que o acompanha excepcional. Nota: 9.0This movie is just simply beautiful. This movie not only tugs at your heart strings, but also makes you think. The effects were great and the way that the story connects is just brilliant. The science is intriguing as well (albeit sometimes hard to understand). As with most Christopher Nolan-directed films, you'll have to watch it more than once for everything to sink in. Easily one of the best movies I've ever seen.This movie might be the best film in history. The soundtrack is superb. The acting is magnificent. The plot is wonderful. Christopher Nolan made an amazing masterpiece here as he had in the pastOne of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. A true masterpiece to your ears and eyes. Should have been rated betterAs a Standalone Sci-Fi film, this shows exactly as to why Nolan keeps managing to get to make whatever film he so pleases. While the movie may run at a hefty runtime, and suffer slightly from heavy-handedness, audiences would regardless immediately fall into the escapeless pull of Nolan's sci-fi tale. And to those who were captured by its visual and emotional journey, they may find that they themselves cannot wait for more to come from this directors career.I know I'm alone on this but it was super predictable. I don't understand how more people didn't know it was him behind the bookshelf at the start of the movie.It's a really good film, but is one of those wich you can enjoy watching only once.Literally one of my favorite movies. I expected a space adventure and I got so much more. This movie really hit home with me because even though it's about space travel and saving civilization, it's also about love and family. So incredibly good.Pretty underwhelming and frankly sillyThis film would obviously be a spectacular visual sensation when viewed in IMAX 3D but I watched the entire mess on my computer monitor. And the story line just doesn't carry the central plot very far at all. The dialog wallows in melodrama way to long at times. It becomes a tedious drag that bogs down the story line, reminding me more of a daytime soap opera's glacial pace than an epic si-fi thriller.Outstanding masterpieceInterstellar is a movie that fills the imagination with wonder. It has a mystical soundtrack, and a great cast. I will not spoil anything, but the ending is kind of stupid, but forgivable. Overall, the story and acting is great, and I do indeed recommend this.Interstellar satisfies as a sci-fi adventure, but it's also a thoughtful and mentally challenging film. It's gorgeous visual style and slick plot can only be matched by the cast's performances, the story ideas and gripping character growth.A pretentious self-serious mess of a movie. Visually its pretty cool. But the characters and dialogue really make me cringe. Especially Anne Hathaway's speech about love transcending time and space. This film is 2 hours and 49 minutes long. At least an hour could've easily been shaved off. The best part involves a roughly 20 minute segment where Matt Damon as a crazed stranded astronaut comes into conflict with Matthew McConaughey's crew. As for the rest? Don't waste your time and money. Speaking of McConaughey, he's basically playing the same philosophizing pseudo-intellectual we see in those Lincoln car commercials. Christopher Nolan tries so hard to make 'Interstellar' this generation's '2001: A Space Odyssey', making it even more of a colossal failure than it already is.One of the most amazing movies I have ever seen in my life. It made you cry of both beauty and sadness, and awe at the amazing questions it poses about humanity. Your mind boggles at the pure nature of this film. It left me with a mouth wide open. Absolutely magnificent.Best movie i have seen in recent years. Recommend re watching the film to get the full understanding.It's about time that we have a movie that actually represents reality in space travel.......and adds a human element.......and is the best music score since Star Wars 1977Director Christopher Nolan continues to be my favorite. Interstellar is a reflective journey that those who think about mankind's destination will enjoy. Some of it isn't entirely coherent. It isn't a masterpiece like some of Nolan's work, but it is still worthy of Nolan.The idea that this movie sets up is pretty interesting. A team has to go find a place in another galaxy that can support human life. But the execution is lacking a bit. There is a lot of strong stuff here, especially the parts with Matt Damon. But how everything resolves in the last 30 minutes or so was a bit ridiculous. It is too long, and takes too long to get going. What I like about this movie is that it is definitely memorable and something you want to run out and talk to other people about (unless you are me and miss the boat by three years). I wish it was better because I love Christopher Nolan. It just didn't quite stick the landing (maybe its spin rate was off a bit).Cool robot, ok humans, dumb fantasy ending. Matthew McConaughey's charm makes up for its faults, I guess.A great space odyssey, simply mind-blowing even if you do feel lost at some points in the movie but this is the mastery of Christopher Nolan; to amaze the audience.A little bit corny but I loved it. An epic space film that's very trippy.Hard to understand in someparts (intelectually). But it is a Masterpiece.Interstellar is an insightful and extremely entertaining film for a science fiction fans (people who prefer action-based movies may not enjoy it as much). There are a few plot holes and the story gets a little ridiculous at times yet the admirable special effects and good character development make up for it.It makes me sick to know that the new Ghostbusters movie has a higher score than Interstellar. Rotton Tomatoes should be ashamed for having such moronic critics on their website. Interstellar is an amazing movie.The next best thing next to Inception. Bravo Chris Nolan.Best film i've ever seen.A captivating experience. One of the few movies that is able to capture all the emotions. Fantastic attention to detail and truly leaves you feeling small in a universe that is so large.Bookshelves...Fuck this movieso fuckin' great <3Hardly a sci-fi in a sense of capturing human condition and behaviors that usually can't be explained well.Spectacular, not only is this one of the best Space films of all time, it opens peoples minds to provoke the truth and remember that humanity's time on earth is shorter everyday, while humanity's population spirals out of control and impending natural disasters occur, we have yet to see doomsday at our door, its only a matter of time, if humanity is to survive it needs to leave earth and spread its wing to the stars! It carries a very important real underlying message.This movie blew me away. It wasn't only the scope of the science. The performances were stellar. I will be watching again.A beautiful film with rich characters and an intense story about survival and family.This movie turned my brain into jello. Visually stunning and well written.I watched this movie on the weekend and I must say I actually did enjoy it for what it was. Without being overly critical. It seems that when I review movies some people are to harsh to criticize on a basis of fiction vs non-fiction. Perhaps it is movies about concepts that aren't real or achievable that end up inspiring our scientists and engineers to achieve such things for the future of mankind. Either way I would watch this movie again in a heart beat and I thought it was actually quite thought provoking.When the trailers came out for this film I wasn't interested in the slightest. Christopher Nolan has impressed me in the past with pretty great films, even though I was never really a big fan of the dark night trilogy. I was aware of his talent in his previous works but I never gave them enough value for what they are. One thing I've noticed from his films is that he engages the audience in thought provoking situations that even makes oneself question what they beheld on screen. The film inception achieves that by emerging the audience in a style of filmmaking that is scarce today and should be practiced more often, but Nolan also tackles thought provoking themes and plots that will never fade away. Interstellar was his next attempt in making a great film that would change the way people view space exploration, by also integrating a father daughter relationship in the center of the story. When I first saw this film, I was stunned by what I beheld and almost considered it too good to be true. I for one am a big science fiction fanatic with favorite Hollywood blockbusters such as Star Wars, E.T., Jurassic Park, ect... but interstellar brought me the pleasure of viewing realistic scientific theories about space and time while maintaining a fictional plot. I don't remember a moment in the film where I felt bored or uninterested, because every moment in the movie was not only shot beautifully, but executed to near perfection as the actors pushed themselves to great limits. Matthew McConaughey did an excellent job portraying his character Cooper and carried out an emotional scene later in the film that jerked a few tears. His effort and success in his character is was oscar worthy. I definitely think everyone should see this film, even if you end up hating it.Interstellar, is a really beautiful film and an amazing Science-Fiction/Drama that is one of Christopher Nolan's best films!Interstellar has to be one of the movies that truly impressed me with its story, visuals and the greatest soundtrack to ever surface my ear drums .I recommend anyone to watch this movie by them self as this will truly let you experience an out of this world entertainment .An hour too long, and some of the dialogue is leaden. But it's still a fascinating movie all the same.Earth is dying from starvation and a farmer is sent into space to find a solution. The first time I watched this I thought it was too far fetched. Then I watched it again and I enjoyed it a lot more. Not really that suspensful but I really enjoyed the science aspect that Nolan brings to it.One of my favorite movies of all time.Intelligent, thought provoking, and undeniably beautiful.Mind=Blown,just Amazing,i guess that's why everybody loves Christopher Nolan.a poignant and beautiful film, a instant classicfavorite space movieProbably one of the most beautiful and incredible films I have ever seen! the music is incredible, the acting is amazing and you really feel the emotional connection between the two main characters. I saw it three times so far and would gladly watch it again!Unwatchable if you know even an inkling of physics, astronomy or science in general. It makes no sense and the coincidental meetings of the various characters are ridiculous. This is so vacuous, it is beyond derision. It sucks on so many levels that RottenTomatoes needs to come up with a ZERO STAR rating.THE BEST MOVIE EVER FUCKING MADE WHOEVER PUT LESS THAN 5 STARS IS A COMPLET IDIOT. ?at long last, we've found something repeated more than "with great power comes...blah,blah,blah. That poem always likes to make me rage, esp the last two hours of this study in deepness. The underlying truth of love, almost like it was explained in the 5th Element. can be powerful, Ellen Burstyn was beautiful at the end. But the interminable church organ music demanding our reverence, please...too many ideas with a leaky helmet to hold them all, some ammonia got in.One of the best films i have ever seen, pacing is magnificant and the score is brillant, beautiful scenes but the tension and drama makes this film simply amazing,You'll need a PhD in Physics to understand the ending.Want to know what lonely feels like?Christopher Nolan is the smartest writer/director in Hollywood, so smart that a lot of people claim his films are over their heads. The master of twists and deception made Batman real, showed us how dreams work in Inception, and brought us inside the dangerous world of magic in the Presitige. In his latest film, Interstellar, Nolan tackles the concept of time and how different it is from what we perceive. This film does have a great twist in the end and some terrific special effects, but beyond that it is one of the longest and slowest moving films I've seen in years. Once again, Humans have finally destroyed Earth and have gone looking for a new home, but outside our solar system, things are much different than they appear. Time and gravity are different concepts in different regions of space, and the effects on the crew, who had hoped to one day see their families again, diminish with each passing day. Matthew McConaughey stars and as is the case with most of his films, he's terrific. Based on some of the poor choices he made in his younger years, he has a bad rep among critics, but the fact is that he's always fun to watch, and is one of the most intense actors out there today. As for the rest of the film, it's usually Nolan's genius that makes the film unique and special, but in this instance he was too smart for his own good. The story moves very slowly and at times is more than somewhat confusing, not to mention at nearly three hours long, it's a challenge to sit through to even reach his famous twist at the end. Nolan films are something I always look forward to, as they are different and both entertain me and make me think, but in this case, I was just beyond bored and fed up with the whole thing. I guess sometimes even genius takes a holiday.This was confusing as hell. There was lots of exposition in the final act, but it don't make any sense. Time travel paradoxes abound here, which are never really addressed. The whole affair reeks with trite sentiment as well. Gravity and love are the only things to transcend 5 dimensions? Love?! Seriously? What quantum hokum is going explain that Nolan!? But there isn't even an attempt. It's just put out there as if it's a "no duh" reason for any of this shit. Inception had an internal consistency that in the end, made sense. Interstellar tries, but disappears up its own ass in the attempt. Hard to buy the drama when the science and the lead characters' explanation of it is so opaque. Entirely too long to get nowhere as well.Good movie for the most part...ending was a bit confusing...definately worth a watchAgain another wonderful movie from Nolan. An emotional sci-fi story - shows us the emotions on humans and how they behave in various tough situations. Good performance from the lead cast and again Nolan leaves us perplexed with a complex story.2 stars just for the cinematography, the plot is non-existentIf anyone thinks this is a good film then they know nothing about space or science. Nothing happens in the first hour and then when it does, it just gets worse and worse. The plot was ridiculous and full of holes and continuity errors. The director spent too long on irrelevant boring scenes then skipped through the important and interesting ones which left you clueless. They really didn't know where to go with the film in the end and the ending itself is up there with the worst I've ever seen! It was so far fetched and cringe worthy that Im surprised the actors agreed to it. Finally what's with the whispering all the time, why can't the guy just talk and act! An embarrassment of a film when it had so much potential.Best space movie.. Gravity can change time..Love have many dimensions..I love this movie in all dimensions.Beautiful, poetic and leaves you with a lingering of love and hope. Science and art that expresses something beyond the grasp of words.I think a long movie that doesn't seem any longer than normal has done a good job at taking the viewer on the journey.The film stumbles into moments of quality equal to 2001's or Gravity's, but sometimes falls into muddled depths that will quite probably confuse you.An extremely powerful movie that must be seen again, with an astonishing soundtrack that will leave you speechless.Anyone who claims to understand the ending is just too embarrassed to say that they didn't, or spent way too much time figuring it out. Very pretty film. But just so effing full of itself.Not sure it made complete sense but good viewing.Amazing and life-changing. Every single aspect of the movie was so well-thought out by Nolan. While many may disagree on the length, or mumbling, too scientific, etc. I believe it made the movie perfect. Coming from a sixteen y/o NON scientific person, this movie truly amazes me. I do agree that it isn't the easiest movie to understand and it took me a few more watches to fully understand the whole thing but I believe that's the beauty of it. Every time I watch it (about 7 times), it never fails to amuse me and I'd like to say I learn something new everytime. While many believe this has a lot of plot-holes, it really doesn't if you took the time to watch it again and be more attentive to every detail which you can tell Nolan thought out. The actors chosen to play the characters were perfect. They played the emotions of each character so well you could really feel it through the screen. This movie is truly a masterpiece. Along with the beautiful soundtrack.Amazing VFX, mind-boggling science fiction story, amazing soundtrack, and of course the phenomenal performances by the fellow cast member, especially the great Matthew McConaughey.Best sci-fi film I have ever seen. The creativity and innovation of the Nolan brother's is truly incredible. Any other talk of it being an 'okay' film is rubbish. The acting, directing, script, plot and special effects are insane! Everyone needs to rate this higher!!!!nice special effect, of course good actors. however it secular humanist wet dream in which humans become like god in that respect it's devil's lie from garden of Eden. it basically claims man can save himself. it has the usual sci-fi lies about evolution and over time humanity will create a Utopia for its self. it's a long two hours and fifty minutes. I will say the space scenes are pretty cool but feels a bit like Chris Nolan channeling Stanley Kubrick from 2001. it's OK film but I am not running to watch it again.9/10 Great except for the ending which was twisted to be a happy ending .. If the movie ended at the point before the father was in hospital after they found him it would have been my favorite.I thought the movie was really good and I didn't expect how the movie ended.Christopher Nolan tries to shoot for the stars for this movie, and ends up missing them. Although most of the film is great, it's the end of the film I have a problem with, the movie attempts to mind fuck you but ends up falling flat, because after thinking about it for a while, the ending was not all that difficult to understand, and once you understand it, the ending just seems to be over the top.Interstellar is a masterpiece. The film is incomparable to anything else. The narrative is complex, thought provoking and inspiring. The astonishing visual effects and the music by Hans Zimmer fully engrosses you into an experience like no other. Nolan has delivered once again and taken us on a journey into another dimension.I was looking forward to seeing this. Seemingly all the public transport in my area was insisting I should see it, and that every reviewer was sold on it. Unfortunately, it was as problematic as it was long. The characters are singularly wooden (perhaps except for McConaughy) and the script is poor. The plot is diabolical and although it plays with some highly interesting ideas, they are not at all adequately fleshed out, given the plot, and script. Damon's character is absurd as Caine's. The only redeeming feature (apart from perhaps, again, McConaughey's performance) is the visual stimulus, which, as you might expect from Nolan, are superb. Rage, rage certainly; but not for the reasons quoted in the film.pau no cu de quem não gostouThis is a decent science fiction/fantasy film, but is let down by the obvious plot devices, over complication, and nonsensical elements sprinkled throughout.Even an A-list cast of characters, Oscar-worthy performances and stunning visuals can't save the world from this underwritten and uninspiring movie.I can honestly say that this was one of the top ten worst films of all times, I spent 3 hrs watching this and was SUPER disappointed.best movie I have ever seen!Sheer film perfection. Accompanied by possibly the best film score ever.My favorite movie so farChristopher Nolan delivers another instant classic with an unforgettably beautiful soundtrack by Hans Zimmer.Full of discrepancies and regular acting. I expect so much that Nolan gives us.Typical Nolan: you walk away wondering if you saw genius or just another visionary director who needs a visionary editor.I just want to even out the score. I think this movie is worth at least 86. It has so much humanity in this sc-fi movie, about time, about age. The acting is awesome. The score is brilliant. Over all I think it's a brilliant movie.One of the best science fiction movies I have ever seen. Intersteller tangles fiction with physics and the product is a gripping movie with outstanding music, impeccable cast and an irreplaceable story. Hail Marry!!One of the most satisfying movie i have ever seen, i am thankful to guys who made this movie, thanks a lotEngrossing, though not riveting, and far from the masterpiece time magazine tried to indicate with their cover story. Heavily influenced by both close and counters and especially 2001, interstellar does manage some moments of transcendence and also works in part as a contemplation about man's place in the universe, how such a tiny entity can cope with living across such.inconceivable space. I liked how the Knowlens left it for the viewer to figure out this future earth they have envisioned without needing to spell every little detail. McConaughey does solid work as the reluctant spaceman , but I felt Anne Hathaway was lacking as his scientist colleague. At least she managed to give a speech about how love may be the undiscovered dimension That controls the universe without cracking up. And how weird is it that both Jessica Chastain and especially marooned astronaut Matt Damon both show up here fresh from their similar roles in the Martian?Sure, it's a bit much, but I have to admit that I enjoyed it. Some strong - or at least committed - performances, an interesting premise, a cool robot and some nice scenery make this one watchable. If you liked Contact you are most likely to appreciate this one as well as it goes a bit beyond sci-fi. I saw the ending coming. Might have gained an extra half star had I not. Be warned: it's loooooong.One movie of amazing exquisiteness written with expertise well thought out and emotionally compelling. Interstellar is a timeless classic of phenomena.This is not a movie. This is an experience.Interstellar is one of best movies that I saw. It's complex and beautiful as the Universe.One of the Greatest...Fascinating. The first time I've seen Hollywood successfully bridge the connection between science and spirituality. One of the most thought provoking movies I've ever seen.A controversial thought, but I don't think to kindly of Christopher Nolan, I consider him rather, a one-hit wonder (the Dark Knight).Keeps you going, an adventure/action film for sure.It's good movie to watchBest film I have seen at the cinema in many years. Nothing compares to seeing this in IMAX. Blew my head off!even tho it's confusing at times, the plot goes deeper and deeper as the movie progresses. Not bad, but Nolan can do better.A LONG movie (nearly 3 hours!) that starts off slow, but speeds up eventually. Not much action throughout the movie, but enough at the end to keep you interested. Many twists and turns which makes for an interesting story line. Mostly, the movie makes you think about space, time, and the possible future of mankind and discovering new worlds. Worth a watch, but maybe not a rewatch. 4/5Didn't seem like it was almost three hours long.Thrilling, beautiful, mesmerising, thought provoking and absolutely engrossing. Easily in my top 10 filmsOne of the best movies I've ever seen and definitely Nolan's best.Christopher Nolan (reason to see it off the bat), the project all in all was 800 terrabytes of work (and some still frames alone took 100 hours of rendering) requiring thousands of computers that ended up generating the wormhole scene beyond their expectations and impacting science as a matter of fact. The film's seed started from works of Carl Sagan way back in the 80's then Spielberg was going to make the film but handed it to the Nolan brothers. Best "space" movie I've seen and much deeper than average outer-space films that are usually about failing missions and portraying mostly astronauts dangling in space trying to fix crap , plus this one has alot of heart. If you are into good film-making (especially Nolan's past works), astronomy/Universe/time and space, progressive quantum physics type of stuff/veering towards 'spiritual', you have no excuse not to see this film (however I would highly expect a film like this is way better on the big screen). If u have grown to appreciate Matthew Mcconaughey much more since his stellar role in Dallas Buyers Club and the show True Detective, I highly recommend Interstellar. It could have been shorter, and Matt Damon may have intentionally been cast (in this particular role) to prove a point that we are going to have to deal with all sorts of personalities if we want to evolve or achieve 'peace'. Overall, this project was a serious commitment and I found it very inspiring.A complete waste of time, good candidate for MST 3K."...even if its intellectual reach somewhat exceeds its grasp" is the epitome of fancy movie criticism when there's nothing to say. I'll take a stab: Nolan's masterpiece is a wonderful treatise on the overwhelming potential of love to conquer all- despite distance and time. I think I gave up all the tears I saved up this year when I finally had a chance to see it recently.This film is excellent up until the twist which kinda seemed out of place. And with all of its genuine science it uses, in the end it relies on the equivalent of magic to explain things. But still, a must-seeGood start, but crazy unscientific ending.Great Movie! Matthew's best work.One of my favorite movies ever. Poignant, grand, and mind bending. Don't believe those people who say it shouldn't have gone beyond infinity; their metaphors are stretched beyond the breaking, like your mind is by this film. No joke.Una gran película, algo confusa pero una vez te informas comprendes casi toda lo sucedido en la película. Otra gran película de Nolan....I am actually really surprised by some of the ratings on this movie on here, many of which state that the movie was "inconsistent" or contained many plot holes. Perhaps these people simply did not pay much attention to detail, or perhaps they were simply unable to piece the clues together, but every last detail of the story builds on the previous, resulting in a remarkable end. The movie itself does not blatantly come out and state each, individual point, but if one is remotely decent at putting together both tangible and philosophical clues, then the story as a whole will make complete sense. Even the ending of the movie was explained in full by precious clues in the movie. SPOILER ALERT- For example, many people do not understand the scene with Brand at the end of the movie, where she is shown to have landed on a desolate planet. Earlier in the black-hole scene, Cooper explained that they were going to use Gargantua to propel the ship around the black hole (sacrificing Cooper in the process), but Cooper realized that there was not enough fuel for Brand to make the journey back through the wormhole and towards Earth, so they directed themselves to the third, unexplored planet in the solar system (the same planet her lover was on). Once there, Brand assumed her lover to be dead, but later on she found his settlement and was able to determine that the planet's conditions were similar to those of Earth (enough to take her helmet off). She additionally realized the settlement meant that her lover was alive. There was also an additional complaint: Brand's age. Many wondered why Brand appeared so young, where characters such as Murph had aged well beyond their initial age of around 40ish. The movie also explained this: As seen by the water planet, being near Gargantua caused a massive spike in gravitational time dilation, meaning that nearing the presence of Gargantua would increase their velocity through space, resulting in a decreased experience in time. Since both Brand and Cooper fell into the black hole near the end of the movie (and then Cooper's experience halted by the new dimension), they would have both experienced nearly the same degree of aging as each other. Honestly, I cannot stand it when people claim that the movie is "full of holes". If anything, their ability to concentrate or analyze the clues given is what is "full of holes". There are plenty of other examples of information which builds up on previous clues, but those were two of the more major ones.One of my all time favorite movies! I wish I was able to see it in an Imax theater.Thematically brilliant, well-acted, and with a killer score, this movie contains enough talkability and rewatchability to make you overlook the more glaring flaws. Like the fact that the brains behind the film (Kip Thorne, etc) were so enamoured by the idea of showing off their knowledge and theories of black holes that they ALMOST fool the viewer into forgetting the fact that there are likely millions of possibily habitable worlds that orbit normal healthy stars and NOT black holes. Or the glaring incongruity of flying a spacecraft that needs a two-stage rocket to leave Earth orbit, but on another planet with 1.3 times Earth gravity, can somehow manage to reach escape velocity all by itself. But damn if it isn't entertaining, mostly scientifically plausible, and a definite thinker.This is by far the best film I have ever seen. The characters, settings, emotions and intelligence pouring from this film is almost never matched. Interstellar is as beautiful as it is thought provoking, and has the replay value of a Ratchet and Clank game. Probably my only concern with this film is the length, but since quite a lot happens in that time, it makes it much more interesting to watch. This particular film has also been the source of inspiration for me personally, in many ways. I was really surprised to find that this film scored 71%, because this film is top notch quality in almost every single way. Acting, story, plot, characters, and the ending. Admittedly, it takes a certain level of intelligence and in a certain area of it, to fully understand this brilliant film, but that makes it all the more special.Saw this again last night. Phenomenal movie. Similar to "Gravity", though, it is only partly about space. It's actually an interior journey - an attempt to "fix" the mistakes of the past or, if you will, a descent into the underworld to try and bring back Eurydice/Persephone/the Earth of one's being. Theory - what if ALL the Chris Nolan movies are actually one long epic movie with the same character appearing in different forms. I know that artists frequently use their medium to work out a single idea but might Nolan (unconsciously, perhaps) be working out a single issue from Memento onwards? (Memento, Insomnia, Batman, Prestige, Dark Knight, Inception, Bman Rises, Interstellar)? Fan theory.Interstellar is a highly ambitious film that attempts to narrate complex astrophysic concepts and combine it with humanistic elements. Altogether it makes the mind wonder and ponder but it's purpose seems to be lost in all the subplots.If you can communicate with this movie is a great movie. Though a bit hard.very complicated but when you understand it in its entirety it's genius. felt the last 20 minutes was rushed.one of the best sci fi movie of this century. nonlinear storytelling way of nolan make this film much complex than normal sci fi films. music by zimmer makes the movie an example, how music can make a movie a deep and magical experience to viewers.110% My favourite movie EVER! Seriously.This movie is for people that like mindbending action and space. If you like space you will like is more with Intersellors steller acting, plot, and drama. This movie has everything you want in a sci fi movie. And is surprisingly gut reechoing at times and made me kinda sad at moments because of the plot and acting. I don't understand why critics and do audience didn't really like it. But for me it is a monumental film and will be one of my favorites for a long timeBeautiful, absolutely beautiful. A man travels through a wormhole, falls through a black hole and travels through the 5th dimension to save his planet and meet his daughter at her deathbed 90 years later. Best film I've ever seen in my life.Best film i have ever seen in my life, brought a tear to my eyeAwesome, especially if you have two brain cells to rub together while watching. Or if you just like space. Space is cool.Cinematically beautiful, but much of the story is too convenient. The movie is too long while still leaving me wanting more background on certain topics, such as the history that has lead us to a barren Earth that will soon leave mankind unable to feed itself. The various stop Matthew McConaughey makes on his mission are too drawn out, with some being entirely unnecessary. The investigation of a black hole, interstellar travel, hospitable planets, time as a physical dimension and gravity are interesting, but the idea that love conquers all is taken to an unbelievable extreme. Add in <> McConaughey's unbelievable survival traveling through a black hole and his sudden love interest in Ann Hathaway that was never even hinted at throughout the three hour film, leaves the viewer unsatisfied.the only problem I had with this film was they way Cooper treated his son his whole focus was on his daughter the son because he wasn't as smart as Murphy was relegated a distant second also the score was one of the most unusual and best i have heard in years han zimmer is a geniusStunning in every respect.Technically accomplished, visually stunning & phenomenally acted. Christopher Nolan sits comfortably at pole position for my favourite directors. This film demonstrates an untouchable artistic talent and truly demonstrates his imaginative reach. The film is incredibly well put together & boasts a stunning roster of talented actors. 90% of the film's narrative is rigid & focused. 10% is ethereal and wishy washy. That 10% does not damage the integrity of what will surely be one of the greatest addition's to contemporary cinema.This is one of the best movies which I have ever seen.This topic blows my mind.A mindblowing film.. a testament to mr. Nolan's far reaching imagination. I really felt for the characters and their harrowing journey through the stars. But it was hard for me to grapple with the grandiose concept in the end. Even though it was nearly a 3 hour epic, it left me wanting a bit more explanation and a sense of fulfillment. However, you can't deny the visually stunning atmosphere of this film and the passion portrayed by the actors and director alike. A labour of love if you will.. My final verdict is still out there. I feel I need to see it again to really take it in and hopefully better understand this great epic in time.This movie is pure gold, from the scenario to the soundtrack ! One of the most beautiful movie I've ever seen. Good job Nolan, one more time !One of the best sci-fi movies I have ever seen. The soundtrack is amazing and so is the storyline. It's a captivating movie. I'm actually watching it right now :)Let me pick my jaw up the floor...now...I have to say is that the film's flaws are more apparent on the third viewing.Brilliant, ambitious, and different somehow, reachs where and who it wants to reach at his own pace and storytelling style, certain movies are not made for everyone, and thats the hole point of it, and for me it nailed itInterstellar is one hell of an emotional journey. Christopher Nolan has skillfully crafted a masterpiece of hard science fiction. The imagery is captivating and the performances are top-notch. Interstellar is absolutely wonderful filmmaking.Great movie for the intellectual individual!Una película sobrevalorada con actuaciones planas y una trama con más pseudo ciencia y soluciones facilistas que otra cosa, un melodrama tan largo que hubiera deseado haber viajado cerca de un hoyo negro que soportar las casi 3 horas de película esperando algo interesante. Aunque no es pésima no es tan buena como muchos dicen... casi 3 horas de pretenciones que dejan al lado lo que pudo haber sido una película verdaderamente interesante.This movie is so nearly perfect. The last 30 minutes is pretty stupid, up to then this movie was amazing, despite some moments of weird clunky dialogue. Visually stunning and fantastic usage of scientific facts and Hans Zimmer's score is sensational, the ending just ruined it for me.Well... it had me for awhile. Definitely enjoyed the first hour! And I loved the use of silence throughout the film! Super cool! But the science/math/physics of it all was totally over my head. I didn't understand a lick of it! I liked the whole "ghost" thing, but again, it baffled me. The ending made no sense to me. And it seemed that a good extra 20-30 minutes was sort of just tacked on. Honestly, I don't have any idea of what to make of what I just saw. Super strange...Not worth the fuzz: at all !cliff hanging fucking idiot movie makersBest movie ever, great scorethis movie will remain in a particular deserved place in hollywood even after a decade. first movie to explain about 5d.special movie for all sci-fi lovers.A movie that is powerful with a strong message with a twist of dramatic acting, an all star cast, beautiful imaging, wonderful sci-fi, and brilliant music!!!Given the complexity of physics concepts around which the plot of the movie was built, it took me three viewings to grasp this movie. Nevertheless, a true masterpiece and one of the best movies ever made!A masterpiece for all space fansQuite possibly one of MTV least favorite films, Interstellar drags on with blaring score, a silly plot, and doesn't even seem conscious of how 2001-wannabe it feels. Fantastic effects, though, and some great ideas.B-E-A beautiful through and throughInterstellar strikes a beautiful balance between Novel and Movie. This film is easily one of the most emotionally gripping and beautiful films I have ever watched, and although very long, Interstellar manages not to drag. If you love Sci-Fi and enjoy thought-provoking cinema, then this is one movie you do not want to miss. Absolutely mind blowing.In a world that is ending, scientist need a plan to save the world from its final years. Interstellar, starring Matthew McConaughey, Michael Caine and Anne Hathaway, brings suspense, intergalactic travel and a whole new meaning to the universe. Joseph Cooper (McConaughey) is a farmer who is trying to help his kids through their young lives. Out of nowhere, he is invited to travel interspace to look for a new Earth to colonize on. During their journey, he and the other scientists encounter many life threatening problems and unsuccessful trips to different planets. The movie does show outstanding qualities such as very strong characters and a great plot throughout the whole run. Supporting this is also the emotionally charged feelings the characters portray in parts of the movie. However, it begins slow, which is why the movie has a total run time of 169 minutes. It could also confuse you if you do not pay attention to certain scenes. Overall, I give this movie a five out of five stars. Sit back, relax, eat some popcorn and enjoy this great movie.Interstellar is a film with a very scientific development that few can understand but at the same time excited.Bad science, worse combination of coincidences...Bookshelf saves the planetMind-scratching, mind-twisting, mind-blowing!me encanto, aun que el principio fue muy rapido pero tenia que ser asi para no dormir en el desarrollo. los efectos EXCELENTES!!!!! y la historia FENOMENALI was extremely lucky to get the chance to see this film upon its first day release, before entering the cinema, my expectations were already high, after all, this was a film from the cinematic genius who brought us the likes of 'Inception' and 'The Dark Knight', to summarise the following review in a single sentence: I left the cinema in extreme awe from the visual masterpiece I had just viewed. A film that explores the psychological and emotional state of a man whose life revolves around his family, 'Interstellar' is a thrilling and thought-provoking film that boasts an intellectual story masterfully written by the Nolan brothers. Whilst there seems to have been influence from films like '2001: A Space Odyssey' and 'Apollo 13', 'Interstellar' is unique in its own way. Whilst the subject may be hard to comprehend at times, it can't be denied how visually monumental and thoughtful Christopher Nolan's epic science fiction masterpiece is, and can easily be named the best film of this year and possibly one of the greatest science fiction films to have ever graced the screen. A sheer brilliant feat of cinema.Story's build-up took too long.This is one of the most brain engaging films I have ever seen.All I can say... Buck Rodgers.A favorite. I've watched it five times.Visually stunning with eye captivating scenes but the story line doesn't quite take off. The actors are great but they tried to pack ending where it would have been much more interesting had they just left them alone. Storyline just fell flat wasn't the bang I thought it would be it was more like like Houston we have a problem.quite the journey!! and surprisingly this film held our attention for the full 3 hrs (2 hrs 49 mins to be exact)He's lying..... he's lyingInterstellar is quite possibly the most visually stunning movie I've seen in my life. From it's remarkable achievements in CGI and natural lighting shots, interstellar is a visually arresting movie. It's only problem is that the story back on earth falters but is never bad enough to take you out of the film. I recommend this to anyone who wants to give their eyes a treat.It simply doesn't work.Fantastic movie, with well paced acting, fantastic special effects, a deep/emotional ride throughout. I'm glad that I was one to come across this.The creators of this film rewrite some space/time theories, but the movie is an amazing journey for both characters and audience alike. It's visual, and complex enough to hold my attention. This movie blew me away. Made me think/wonder.Quantum physics, black holes, relativity of time and space? Hell yeah!Although it has some problems with pacing, interstellar is what it should be at all the right times.Great movie, thank god that they didn't put the sad ending but I just wanted to see (spoiler) what will happen after he meets brand.The best movie ever!great movie! science side perfect and emotional story very beautiful!Interstellar(2014) Starring:Matthew McConaughey,Anne Hathaway,Jessica Chastain,Michael Caine,Casey Affleck, Ellen Burstyn,Matt Damon,John Lithgow,Timothee Chalamet,Mackenzie Foy,Wes Bentley,Bill Irwin and Topher Grace Directed By:Christopher Nolan Review MANKIND WAS BORN ON EARTH. IT WAS NEVER MEANT TO DIE HERE. Let's travel to a parallel world in the new film Star Trek I mean Interstellar. But seriously what's the damn difference,this movie is about space exploration for an inhabitable world and Star Trek is just still space exploration. The film is about a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage. I honestly could not tell you if this film achieved it's goal or not because I'm not sure if it's trying to be fun or just something else. It tries to be a serious exciting adventure into space so I am going to go with it trying to be fun,but in which case it isn't. I was so bored during this movie. The film is way too long they could have finished it sooner but decide not too and it just makes that much harder to sit through. The story is not that interesting,with it's theme being about you know take care of the earth which we've seen to death in some better movies. The film is getting massive talks for reasons I don't know but I'm going to go with the venturing through space and it's awesome CGI which a film does not make. The performances from the film are solid even from actors who I don't find too be great but just ok(Topher Grace). The standouts however are Michael Caine,Jessica Chastain and Anne Hathaway.They were my favorite part of the movie as for everything else,I just found to be boring. The direction from Christopher Nolan this time around is not all that great,he gets good performances out of his actors ok but he always does. The problem was the shots and worst of all I saw lens flares,is he turning into J.J Abrhams. The only worthwhile point from the movie is what I had just mentioned earlier,it's about taking care of our planet,but like I've said we have better films then this for that. The movie is also way too long,i did find a problem with it's pacing everything feels slow. I believe it's because Nolan wants us to take in everything were seeing on screen. The elements of a good film are not here much,it has great Cgi and some good acting but that's about it. I didn't care for the characters and I wasn't invested in anything that was going on, I'm giving Interstellar a two out of five.A true Masterpiece and an ode to minimalism!Interstellar succeeds in being the best space survival sci-fi drama of the last years.Interstellar is somehow visually striking and genuinely entertaining while making me roll my eyes at the same time. "Love conquers all" is not the Hollywood cliché that I expected to be the center-point of this movie. It was. The movie is really great up until end where it becomes too profound for its own good. It wants to be a thinking man's movie and will beat you over the head with it. I'm easily entertained though, and the cool sci-fi stuff and acting kept me watching.Amarradinho, atuações impecáveis, final mind-blown foda Bom filme... bom filme...Interstellar was a thrilling Sci-Fi adventure from start to finish. The characters were played very well and the dialogue was very intelligent and was very well thought through, as was the plot planning and execution. The special effects can be easily described as the strongest aspect of the film, they were spectacular and visually pleasing. The music throughout the movie was befitting and captured the wonder and emotion of the film very well.Director Christopher Nolan has once again proved that he has the talent and technique on making a masterpiece and an excellent performance from Matthew Mcconaughey.I must say that I was enjoying this movie A LOT. However, as the movie went on, I found two glaring issues: first of all, the film is far to depressing. Even The Dark Knight had fun moments, but this film really doesn't. Secondly, the ending. Spoiler Alert: if my understanding was correct, Cooper transmits the key to his daughter,through and old watch by using the power of love. Does that sound ridiculous to anyone else? But overall the film is an excellent sci-if that could have been more fun, and it does lose steam because of the ending.Christopher Nolan's most boring, overlong work yet, though there are some emotional momentsi just love it, i can see it once a week, we need more movies like this!!!A haunting yet beautiful vision of the perils and potential of human creativity--deep spiritual images.It blew my mind. It was good though....really makes you think about what would happen if we don't wake up and do more to preserve our planet as best as we can.Visually stunning,very touching and one of the best 3 hours ever spent, has some flaws but doesn't stop it from being a classic in the future and certainly in my top 20 favourite movie of all time'Interstellar' is Christopher Nolan's space travel epic about a man who finds himself responsible for saving the human race. The storyline itself has some glaring problems, but these are compensated for by breathtaking visuals and fascinating sci-fi content. Strongly recommended, especially for fans of '2001: A Space Odyssey'.Absolutely astounding and brilliant!! One of my top 3 favorite films of all time. Those who dislike, probably don't get just how accomplished and ingenious the ideas are within this exceptional film.Film is Visually, Conceptually, thrilling and excellent. But confusing at some points.Though a bit of a step down from some of his previous work, it's still a strong entry in Christopher Nolan's resume, by boasting spectacular visuals, and score, with an engaging performance from Matthew McConaughey. Though long and hard to follow at times this is a true thinking man's space opera unlike anything we've seen before.Whoever did the audio mixing should be kicked in the nuts until they can no longer reproduce. The action/exciting moments play at a normal volume, but anything else is barely audible. i had to turn my volume all the way up just to barely comprehend the main actor's mumblings. I then went deaf when something changed. fun.Amazingly beautiful film & one of my favorite science fiction pieces of all time. The score is so moving and prevalent it might as well be a stand alone character.Entertaining, thought-provoking and thrilling, Interstellar is posed to reinvent the science-fiction genre with a compelling plot, interesting characters- including a superb performance from Matthew McConaughey- and absolutely stunning visual effects. It doesn't ever attempt to tone down its complex subject matter, or runtime; thus creating a near perfect thriller. Verdict: AA movie that I should've seen when it released and definitely in IMAX. This mind blowing ride was a great look at what could be in a black hole. I was not expecting any of this and even after I thought I saw all this movie had to offer there was still 30 minutes left and it gave even more. How ever there were one too many slow moments between the mind blowing moments and some, what felt like forced. conflict between character in attempt to make an intense moment for our characters journey. Despite that I still had a lot of fun with this movie and will re watch the movie for a fun time again.Christopher Nolan hits it again. I'm in love with this film. considering the amount of practical rigs used in this & the plot twist is truly unreal.Best movie I have ever seen by far. I watch it often still.extremely enjoyable, stunning, emotional but no repeat value after the 3hr watch and flawed revealOne of the best movies I have ever watched!Very good movie. I like how they insterted plot twists in a way that suprised me but didn't look rushed like Batman v Superman.Likely my favorite singular movie of all time, Interstellar has amazing performances, a central plot that leaves you with something to think about, and a soundtrack you can place on repeat over and over. I know this film had gotten some mixed reviews with many claiming it to be great while lacking in some areas and others claiming it was one of Nolan's worst films. I do see it's flaws, and after re-watching it recently for the 6th time, I can see how many of the characters aren't as fleshed out as they should have been, I can see how some dialogue was poorly acted or written, and I can see how many people could find issue in the films central questions of gravity, love, and 5th dimensions. Personally though, these don't bother me so much as the beautiful abyss that is space, the questions surrounding gravity, time, black holes, worm holes, and other things pertaining to the universe fascinate me so much that I am happy a film attempted to explore it in such a way. Not the best film objectively, but my favorite none the less.great movie defo need to watch if u haven'tInterstellar showcases Christopher Nolan at his finest, in what is his most emotional film to date. Thought-provoking, excting and beautiful to look at, this might be Nolans best film to date, and the most ambitious and challenging sci fi film since 2001.I understand why someone more interested in physics and aerospace would have been disappointed, as I have seen from many reviews of the critics. But this movie isn't about any of that. It's about the choice many humans someday will be forced to make, if they have not already. It is he choice between being a successful parent and having a successful career. I know many fathers and mothers believe they can be 100% both, but in reality, one must take precedence over the other. One must lack while the other prospers. Forget about all the scientific flaws for a minute, and allow this movie to seize your inner demons. Allow yourself to experience the love and anguish between this father and daughter, the betrayal of the daughter, the departure by the father, and the father's quest to reunite. Only then will you understand and feel the Pandora's Box of emotions during this epic trip to save not the world, but really a daughter and how she'll remember him. "because I gave it to her."Very fascinating film. Intellectually engaging and entertaining. If you enjoy Christopher Nolan's work, I would certainly recommend you to view this movie, classic Nolan. Interstellar is the first film that has made me cry. Ever. Spectacular performances from the cast, and an exhilarating soundtrack (all credit to Hans Zimmer).Interstellar is truly a sci-fi epic. Christopher Nolan sets out to make one of his most personal and emotional film by far about love and the understanding of time. There are no words to express the legendary adventure Nolan takes us, and I have to admit, it's tear-jerkering and heart-wrenching throughout.Wow. What an amazing film!!!Fantastic movie! Would recommend everyone watches this filmInterstellar traz um universo complexo,um final emocionante bom uso dos CGs,além de uma ótima direção de Christopher Nolan e atuações de Matthew McConaughey e Anne Hathaway.Una gran pelicula con una trama tan confusa y muy "cientifica" para las mentes no tan cultas. Y para gente que conoce del tema, una pelicula que a pesar de tener un gran trama, deja pocos agujeros (pero que se notan) en su guion. A pesar de eso, una muy buena pelicula.Definitely an interesting concept with good acting and great special effects. But, gosh, I hate goodbyes and this film was just one perpetual Goodbye. Or a stream of Goodbyes. TOO MANY GOODBYES. Like the end of Armageddon, if the end of Armageddon actually lasted 169 minutes. Or if the end of the song, "So Long, Farewell" from "Sound of Music" lasted 169 minutes and wasn't sung and wasn't happy. Also, I feel like his partner robot could have taken a more practical form...Not the memorable story I was thinking as it is no doubt a flawed creation with a very slow start that makes it hard to care, but still Nolan is the a master in building clever and thoughtful blockbusters with amazing visuals and a smart narrative, and that no one can take from him.The movie is sufficiently presented and breath taking for those with enough scientific knowledge on related topic. The storyline needed to be a little more coherent. However, for those with not enough knowledge, they will have hard time coping with the movie through the 2h 45min.This movie deserves the title as the greatest sci-fi movie of the millenia. It beautifully combines deep science with human emotion. The performance of the actors are flawless, and would definetely recommend this movie to any movie lover.As a Standalone Sci-Fi film, this shows exactly as to why Nolan keeps managing to get to make whatever film he wants. While the movie may run at a hefty runtime, its first viewing value is so insanely high that you either immediately fell in love with it or were not captured by Nolan's cinematic grace. And those were captured by its visual and emotional journey may find that they themselves cannot wait for Nolan's next works.A fantastic motion picture that provides a glimpse into the Earth's potential future. Hard science mixed with science fiction provide the audience with stunning visuals and the score compliments it quite nicely. The most unique film of the McConaissance and another mind-bender from Nolan.Interstellar is visually impressive & Christopher Nolan's solid directing along with a creative, complex & emotional story supported by amazing actors playing strong characters, is enough to make it my personal favorite movie (as of right now).A perfect space exploration film that leaves the viewer thinking. It's a huge roller coaster of emotion. It's a perfect science fiction film. The cast also played their roles extremely well with scenes that brings the viewer to tears, shock, and visuals that leave the viewer in amazement.Favorite movie of all time.If you love scifi then you will love this movie. Great story, great acting,(5.5 out of 6) When we don't know what causes such shifts that we do see the end and we don't know how to stop it. When we know we see plenty of we don't care and what little we have left we care when it's vital for our survival. When we do know we are headed for uncertain futures while other futures we know we are headed when it's what the world depends on. When we know how to drive machine and technology, when they are meant to guide and help us. When we don't know but know why somethings that we ought to know we shouldn't know and have technology remind us that too much knowledge is unsuitable for humans to handle in harsh environments where only peace and not chaos is needed to steer smoothly. When we know we are right for some missions when we can steer Machine and nature to the right direction. When we don't know what some signs might bring or who sent them to be chosen to read them correctly. When we do know some signs move in a positive direction when we don't need other things in times of great turmoil. When we do know we need a solution before it's too late and all of life will be inhabitable. When we do know what life takes to continue but see the vary thing that stands in its way is the change life is heading that we don't know how to stop. When all we know life created everything on Earth for life to live. When we know life tries to speak to us and head us on a journey further then no man has ever travelled before. When we know where we must go when we font know who created such places for us to travel. When we do know life finds away to only want our existence to continue further and travel. When we know others have tried to head to there location. When we know time is of the essence to only go deeper and not know how much time we are taking off others clock and our own when others depend on us. When we know what we must do when some tickets are one way and only need to complete a job. When we know life finds away to only resort to doing it the artifical way when time runs out. When know being far away from too long is scary and wrong to only wish to go back home to place we only wish to be. When we know there really isn't much hope and enough we could do to sustain life when life takes along time to evolve and grow that we can't rush it. When we do know we land in a place created by our own people but don't know how when we can't see the possibilities of the future to create such things that are impossible. When we know that our journey here was to bring us to the point of no return so we could change that when we send others what they need to know to give us our ticket back home. When we know advancement and progress only propels us in what we don't know to know and move faster. When once we know we have goals to know we have a 2nd chance to build to. When we know time doesn't stand still and is always moving to keep building onto the future we know we have around and within us to do. When we know we can't sit back and not be prepared to create plans that work. When we think we have seen everything we ought to know exists that we can control to think differently when there are still untapped resources out there we should be using to propel us into the future. When we know how some ends happen, but what happens after we don't know. When not knowing the beyond we need to continue exploring and find away, for it may hold & unearth keys/tools we need to start using. When we don't know how much time we have or whether some plan would work but we do know that we need to start planning on creating a loop that we have plenty of chances until we are successful. When we know that some travels are far that we need to have plans for all outcomes, whether it's longer stays, autonomous hands, replenishing resources, hubs to stay, and much more that takes time in which we don't have. When we don't know what sacrifice would be to us when our hearts and intentions steer us to a result we never could for see. When we don't know what solo missions we go on will reveal to us. When we do know that life finds away to survive, when time was we know it and don't know it can reveal a safe return or new destination where we left off. When we know that it takes time to build a better future we yet don't know exists, we can at least pave way a path for those who can make it happen. When all we know is the world we rather be in are ones who we share the same environments with to go back for them. *************************************************************************** When we have to base everything we see with facts in order to base a conclusion. When some conclusions are already handed to us by institutions that test us. When other conclusions, we know when we have been working in the field for such a long time. When some conclusions are not necessary when we constantly seek rational explanations. When other conclusions is simple routine when it happens more than once. When some conclusions we need sometime before we can rule out. When we never thought about the conclusions in our life, when we lived with the science of growing and creating life. When we can draw tones of conclusions to somethings and not to other, we settle with what we can't fight back.When life is not what we expected to having it conclude this way.With another fresh concept Nolan inducts himself as one of the most unpredictable directors of all time. His mysterious and dark tone is still present here but this movies effects driven story is why it didn't quite fit a four star expectations. That being said this movie has some of the best special effects I've ever seen in a movie. The performances could also be considered a highlight as all the actors fit their roles shockingly well. The reason its not a higer rating is because its story at some points was confusing and it was hard to pick up what was even happening. I fully agree with its current RT score.This film blew me away on so many levels. Even though the film was a little long, the terrific acting and plot kept me interested. It also made me think alot more about the future of the human civilization, along with what lies within the vastness of space waiting for us to discover.Not as infuriating as Inception, but this movie boggles the mind with an endless list of WHYs. WHY are plants on Earth dying? WHY are the schools denying the Moon landing? WHY do they need data from the inside of a black hole? WHY the need for Michael Cain's lifelong pretense? WHY would the 5th dimensional beings only model the bedroom of one little girl? WHY was Topher Grace even in this? WHY wasn't it 50 minutes shorter? Paraphrasing Bruce McCulloch, what kind of movie is this that doesn't even know how time works?Literally the best movie.There is a lot to like about Interstellar: the idea of its story, the cinematography, and the music. But none of those things make up for what is not to like about interstellar. There are so many plot holes and absurdities littered throughout the film that it almost makes the film unwatchable without cringing or laughing. We need a good space movie these days that is not Star Wars. We need a space movie that is equivalent to Kubrick's 2001, but Nolan isn't the man to give it to us. He could have accomplished this feat with Interstellar. As I stated before, the ideas, cinematography, and music is all there. But there needs to be a lot more tightening up on the story, script, cast, and the suspension of disbelief. What we have is a film that could have been.Amazing. Great story, great execution.This is the best thing I witnessed in my whole life.This movie was amazing how a love for a daughter and love saves humanity and how he kept his promise to his daughter to return. Stunning.Visualmente impressionante, racionalmente inconsistente. O verniz da objetividade científica não cola.Muy buena película. Espero que salga una secuela"Interstellar" has done me the great favor of now separating our modern movie critics into 2 groups: those of whom with opinions I can value & those I cannot. I have no regard, whatsoever -zero - for any reviewer who cannot see the film for what it is: jaw-dropping, absolutely brilliant art. Emotional. Entertaining. Thought provoking subject matter, developed characters, plot twists; for once, spectacular visual effects are served up as a dessert, a bonus treat, rather than being our main course! Nitpickers will sadly miss the forest for the trees. Let them. Watch this movie. Watch director Christopher Nolan & his entire cast attach our ideas of the natural sciences beautifully alongside our ideas of the supernatural soul. I've never seen a film better at capturing the very nature of the human spirit...."Interstellar" is the definition of a cinematic masterpiece.I absolutely loved and enjoyed every second of this film. it's sad in some points of the movie but it's great I highly recommend this movie to anyone looking for a good movie to watch. the storyline is also unique and exciting one.It was good, but a little more out there than The Martian.Very well executed, from script to post-production. A little bit slow at times, but nothing far from the norm for this kind of movie.The first half of the film has terrible acting with an implausible story line, but in the second half the film has some good viewing, mixed with some interesting theory-of-relativity developments.This is one of my absolute favorite movies. The acting is superb and Matthew Mcconaughey is brilliant. There are so many topics and issues touched upon in this movie - the story doesn't leave you after it's over. I'm a huge fan of science fiction movies and space documentaries and this movie did not disappoint.Emotional and great acting makes this movie another breathtaking movie by Christopher Nolan.Interstellar might be efficiently worthy enough to earn its curious audience by all means, albeit make a much larger difference by a blink's miss of plot detail.This movie had a confusing plot but the visual effects were goodReally amazing movie except for the end.Excellent road movie in outer space with a lot of breathtaking scenery and unnecessary castingsAnother in a string of sci-fi movies that could be easily TV episodes but aren't. Expects very little from the audience and gives very little in return.Sucked sense the beginning of the movie!I would have given 4 stars were it not for Nolans odd decision to have everyone talking in quiet mumbles for much of the movie. An interesting story and great visuals win you over in the end, so all is forgiven.way too long 2 hours 45 minuteNot one of Nolan's best but still visually stunning and intellectually engaging.Very good, until the ending which was not close to deserving of the rest of the movie.Bit complicated the first 60 minutes , fall asleep again ...started it back up on minute 61 ... it get's a bit better Matt Damon coming in the picture ....then slow parts again , complicated again . Into the 5th dimension was interesting....After this movie and " Graviti " last year i'm sure now ....Tom Hanks also wins in this category ...Best movie in space " Apollo 13 " !!!Quite an ambitious work, not sure if it can be counted as successful, but a technical marvel if nothing else and not without its strong points.WHAT I LIKED: Christopher Nolan's 'Interstellar,' manages to evoke a feeling that no other film has ever got close to; a genuinely overwhelming mix of pure awe, fear, touched emotion and reflective beauty all rolled into one incredible package. For me, as a result, it not only winds up one of my favourite movies of all time, but it also far-surpasses virtually every other film under Nolan's expert hand as it succeeds in a slightly richer and emotional way than many of his other films which helps to build unprecedented emotional engagement in the story - and consequently the ideas. In fact, never does one find themselves out of the all-consuming experience throughout Interstellar's lengthy run-time, as well-built and beautifully-portrayed characters hook you into the world extremely well and not only take you on the thematic and spectacle-driven journey you expect, but also on a surprisingly gut-punching emotional one that constantly brings tears of awe, elation, angst and sadness to the eye. Couple that with the the sheer wonder you feel as Nolan delivers his most impressive and immersive visual experience of all, and as Hans Zimmer composes his most incredible score yet; you've got yourself a film that leaves you truly speechless and genuinely shook for days on end. WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE: If you allow yourself to distance from the emotion and amazement even for a second, you'll realise the physical concepts and ideas, and perhaps even the overall narrative, are slightly over-ambitious. VERDICT: Nolan delivers his most ambitious and shockingly heart-felt movie of all, and the result is definitely one of his best, and perhaps one of the best cinema has seen in a long time.amazing movie. good characters, amazing story, and overall really emotional and hits home. AMAZING visuals btw.It's like Gravity except I cared about what was happening.The soundtrack, plot, and the super-fun space brawl meet together to create a delightful experience for even the science rejects.It was ok couldn't get past the annoying music.Interstellar is like a more easier and understandable vesion of 2001 but instead of creating life, they're creating a whole new world. This movie is visually dazzling that is accompanied by an amazing score and great performances that leaves you riveted throughout the whole movie, even if you don't understand what's going on sometimes which leads me to one of my bigfer problems with this movie, it has trouble explaining stuff sometimes and I know that making a movie like this it's going to be hard explaining most of the stuff in it, but it should at least do ot in a way where they make comparisons so that we can understand even if may be total BS, but all in all it's a great movie with spectacular effects and I recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it.I was expecting more, but I quite enjoyed this movie. I like the emotional performances, and some of the science is passable. While the end feels like bullcrap and the score sometimes is so loud you can't hear anything, I liked this movie overall.Best movie ever. That's itEntertaining and thoughtful. I love the different dimensions of this movie. A must see for sci-fi fans!Great film. Sci Fi with some thinking to do!94% A movie that makes me cry is reserved to essentially everything by Pixar, The Passion of the Christ, United 93, and this movie Interstellar. What's so incredible about this notion is each movie evokes tears for different reasons. Interstellar made me cry because I love my dad. What Nolan does so well in this picture is intertwine his multi-layered story telling with the central idea that family is key. I've seen this movie 7 times and still don't fully understand the twist ending; and that's delighting. Any time you can think, ponder, puzzle over the meaning of a story then that's a story well told. Is the story told without flaw? No. Sometimes Anne Hathaway says some cheeseball lines about love, but she delivers the fluff in an acceptable way in the universe of the story. I wish Interstellar could have another go in theaters. I've never walked out of a movie and said "Yes! That was totally worth an overpriced ticket with popcorn marked up 500%!" But this one was worth it. Interstellar was a visceral experience. It was fully satisfying. Also Hans Zimmer rules! JDAs a Big Nolan fan I didn't expect the wide range this film truly covered. It's one of the most thought provoking in terms of sheer science/outer space application. The possibilities he explores stretch the furthest reaches of your mind. It's why we go To the movies in the first place to be on an adventure but he not only gave you something in scope that was huge but the amount of emotion drawn from each character on there individual journeys were remarkable. I don't think I've ever seen a film that took place in space and felt emotionally as invested as I did with McConahey and Chastains characters. It's truly a once in a life time film. It was emotional, imaginative and at the heart of it what life's all about -Love. Scored beautifully once again by Hanz Zimmer.best space si-fi movie everAll I can say is wow..... Very, wow...An underrated Christopher Nolan film that offers heart, great performances and a good dose of thought-provoking themes.One of the most depressing and exhausting films, that rarely made any sense.A masterpiece. I must say that some scenes completely threw me down my seat. The one with Cooper seeing his children videos after years lost on a worthless planet can't make people, especially parents, question themselves and their relation with time, actions, and how they spend what's worthy. Zimmer OST is a masterpiece. I wish I could forget this movie and see it, feel it again for the first time. Just but aside the scientific questions and revisit them after the movie, even if they're totally legit ones. This is truely a great film.Runtime is overlong. Cast are not the best. It still delivers what I love about Nolan, all the intellectual stuff and the emotion and practical effects etc. The contrast between farmers and astronauts. The conflict between own preferences and humanity's fate. The exploration into science in space and all its possibilities, so as the meditation on our own self, humans, the NASA, selfish individuals ruining the civilization. Generally, the scope is huge as it sometimes addresses humanity as a whole, thought provoking and resonant. If everyone on earth is dead yet embryos are retained and brought to another planet light years away to live, are they still homo sapiens? Is it really a continuation of species, after all the civilization is gone? Is that really necessary to do so? Inception is better. The intellectual concept about dreaming is much more palpable for audiences, and its cast is star-studded. Still, Interstellar is a scintillating showcase of one of the most complex brains in the film industry. As long as Nolan keeps on making films, keeps on delivering the thrills, there will always be that group of audience in the theaters who believe that blockbuster sare not always dumb.This is one of the best, smartest, creative, and engaging movies of this decade.I REALLY enjoyed it!My favorite film to date. Hard science fiction. Incredible scientific proposals and theories on display. Matt Damon. Well acted. An annoying catchphrase. Time travel. Farming. Something for everyone I think.This movie was AMAZING from start to finish. 2 hours and 50 Mins of pure gold.Well-directed, visually brisk and breath-taking, well-acted and intellectually heavy-- though the film may fall apart at the end for many people."Interstellar" has remarkable accomplishments, given the fact that its plotline goes deep into astronomic and scientific intelligence, the visual design captures breathtaking images of space, and has a few heartwarming moments by its acting performances. Despite a few occasional plot stumbles and some hard to understand dialogue, it is still an adventurous sci-fi film.A very interesting way to place physics and astronomy into film, but giving the plot somewhat confusing and complicated points.Even with some weak moments in dialog and plot, the stunning visuals, strong cast, powerful score, and some spectacular scenes make this a powerful movieFor fourteen years now Christopher Nolan has achieved a near unstoppable success in film, rising to become one of the best directors in the business. Having concluded The Dark Knight Trilogy in 2012, the renowned director has now turned his sights to the realm of science fiction and the result is what can easily be the considered one of the best if not the best film of the year. Interstellar takes place in the future where the Earth has almost run out of food; dust storms ravage what was once a healthy world and society has devolved into an endless line of struggling farmers. Facing the possibility of extinction, a team of NASA scientists led by Professor Brand (Michael Caine) commissions a team to travel through a wormhole in a bid to find another planet for habitation. The crew is comprised of several scientists and leading man Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) who reluctantly agrees to leave his family behind to serve as the ship's pilot for the mission. In a similar way to 2001: A Space Odyssey before it, Interstellar is split into several defined acts (minus the text that introduces them). The film begins on Earth where we're introduced to the characters and the setting they live, which is conveyed brilliantly through the emotional bond between Cooper and his young daughter Murphy (Mackenzie Foy) and from there, the film cuts between outer space and the characters back on Earth as they attempt to unravel theories which will assist in saving the human race. What makes it all work is the build-up that occurs in both the character's emotions and the inevitable countdown to save humanity; as things grow more and more desperate and out of control, you'll find yourself believing in the characters to succeed. The film, like many of Nolan's previous works mixes in several themes and ideas, most notably human nature and the concept of love being something which transcends time and space. With this in mind, the film builds an emotional resonance that not only matches Nolan's previous work, but leaps beyond the norm for science-fiction. The plot's one misstep is a poignant moment towards the end of the film, which may stick out as rather confusing for some. But does this damage the narrative in a major way? Not so much for me personally; when every other aspect of the film is so engaging, so immaculately produced, it's easy to overlook these small flaws. While NASA sends a group of people to the beyond, the film's central focus never deviates from Cooper, who is characterised with a simple yet strong purpose; an immensely emotive connection to his family. When he looks and weeps over several transmitted messages from his family, you can feel the weight of the burden that is placed on him. McConaughey's heartfelt performance is matched by Foy's (and later Jessica Chastain's) where we see an equal amount of pressure and desperation built up. The other characters, most notably Anne Hathaway as biologist Amelia Brand and the aforementioned Michael Caine are also on hand to give plentiful amounts of reinforcement to the film's central themes. Even the actors who receive smaller roles such as Matt Damon and Wes Bentley are intriguing in the ways they contribute to the film's scientific undertones, further engaging the audience in the journey. By possessing a small circle of characters, Interstellar never becomes too uneven, allowing the plot and special effects to sit on a relatively consistent level. 2001 was one of the first science fiction films to dazzle audiences with its spell-binding imagery and if Interstellar's effects achieve anything, they represent just how far we've come in animation. The visuals and settings of Nolan's latest epic are absolutely stunning, and perfectly draw the audience into the journey beyond the stars. From the gorgeous celestial backdrops to the planets explored by the team, every location feels vast and expansive and on top of it all, the production crew even brought in theoretical physicict Kip Thorne, making many of the film's portrayals of space travel feel much more grounded in reality. The sound, typical of many Nolan films, is loud and booming; despite the few times it gets in the way of dialogue, you really do feel the roar of the spaceship and the weather effects on each planet. There's also a heavy use of organs during the more intense scenes which greatly heightens the urgency of the character's struggles. Suffice it to say that when it all comes together, in terms of technical presentation, Interstellar could well be the most beautiful science fiction film of modern times. Interstellar is quite simply a modern movie masterpiece; I haven't been so captivated by a film since 2005's King Kong. It was never going to be as ground-breaking as something like 2001: A Space Odyssey, but it doesn't need to be; this is the one film this year that will utterly blow you away and leave you awe-struck and astounded from beginning to end.It's hard for most people to appreciate the depth of this film, but apart from a few illogical moments here and there, the story uses actual science as part of its fiction. Dramatic and ambitious but not especially interesting for all 3 hours.I couldn't handle Matthew McConaughey in this movie, and the little girl was super annoying too..Stop sighting this movie for its "plausible science." It has a couple of concepts based in theoretical physics (i.e. wormholes and time dilation in high gravity), but this is a PURE FANTASY MOVIE PEOPLE. The science has more holes than a tennis net. This had been so hyped for "accurate treatment of the physics, " I was expecting Carl Sagan's Cosmos in movie form. What a disappointment.Interstellar is best captivating with its emotional weight. It offers audiences a wildly, ambitious plot set within the near future. With all the mind-bending concepts of space, time, and beyond, Interstellar is a good sci-fi film populated by well-known actors who give life into their respective characters.A flawed masterpiece, Christopher Nolan's Interstellar may lack the tightly bound nature of his previous films but still remains a magnificent showcase for special effects and performances - some sequences being the best of Nolan's career.amazing movie. great story line. keeps you guessing throughout.Interstellar will get your blood pumping, stimulate your brain and is a real treat to the eyes. A lot of time must be dedicated to watching this film (about 3 hours), but it is so engaging that you will neither notice nor mind it's lengthy run-timeInteresting but could have been so much more than a decent sci fi.Nolan continues his reputation of being extremely ambitious with this mind bending sci-fi spectacle. With a last act that will have some putting this up there with 2001, and others left confused, those who appreciate what the film is building to will have this in the category of the best of Sci-Fi.one of the best films I've see in my life, slow, beautiful, distressing, and lot of psicological content, characters are aliive, they are human doing errors in universe, space/time concept, exploration, entertaiment.. the music is sensational. masterpiece.Jaw-droppingly grand. Profoundly moving. Every aspect of this film is perfect- the score, the cast, etc. I didn't want it to end. When I experienced this film in an IMAX theater it induced Stendhal Syndrome (hyperkuturemia.)Veel te lang. Wel goed verhaal.It was the same old spagetti, that was dressed with a "new" sauce. Tha sauce was bland...OK, the blackhole and the space is just beautiful, I can watch for all day long. The movie itself is visually stunning too. However, the ending of the movie is somehow lost control, perhaps we human mind haven't got that far yet.Terrible!!!! The science is so incorrect and shot from the hip that it feel like a drunk bar napkin plan from a preschooler and preschoolers shouldn't drink! I don't see how anyone who ever took high school science could buy in intellectually to this movie. It literally gave me a headache. The on thing stellar is the cast. Poorly written i'm afraid.What a beautiful mind fuck of a movie. BrilliantAmazing cinematography, very good cast, story becomes a bit maudlin and fantastical at the end, though.Though imperfect, Christopher Nolan's space epic is a must-see spectacle. Over the years, moviegoers have had their minds pleasantly twisted by Christopher Nolan with films such as "Inception" (2010), "The Prestige" (2006), and "Memento" (2000). We have also been taken on all manner of celestial journeys, from "2001: A Space Odyssey" (1968) to "Gravity" (2013) to the "Star Wars" franchise. This year, we are treated to "Interstellar," in which Nolan combines the wonders of space travel with the type of thought-provoking premise that is his hallmark. Set on an Earth which is rapidly and irrevocably running out of resources, the film follows Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), an ex-pilot who is enlisted by NASA to take the controls of the Endurance spacecraft. The goal of the mission, to be carried out by Cooper and three scientists (one of whom is Dr. Amelia Brand, played by Anne Hathaway), is to enter a wormhole to another galaxy in the hopes of finding a habitable planet to save the human race. The premise is compelling, and the screenplay (co-written by Nolan and his brother Jonathan) does it justice for the most part. Some portions of the dialogue come off a bit clunky; this is especially true when characters are exhibiting sentimentality, which has never been one of Nolan's strong suits, but Nolan does do a great job of characterizing the relationship between Cooper and his family. Characters also have the tendency to blurt out unprompted explanations of scientific theories and phenomena, but this is more understandable considering the hefty subjects the film addresses. The movie doesn't become an undeniably Nolan-esque film until about a third of the way through, and the shift in tone is a bit of a jolt. However, this spike in intensity ultimately becomes welcome as it makes the viewer mostly unaware of the well-paced film's 168-minute running time. What works consistently in favor of "Interstellar" is the acting. McConaughey continues to impress after his success in "Dallas Buyers Club" (2013), Hathaway deftly portrays the brainy Dr. Brand, and the two are rounded out by the likes of Michael Caine, Jessica Chastain, Wes Bentley, and Matt Damon. The main constant issue I have with this film is the sound mixing. Sound mixing has to do with balancing the respective volumes of the dialogue, the effects, and the score, and the film often misses the mark in this regard. Important chunks of dialogue are sometimes obscured - or drowned out entirely - by the louder parts of Hans Zimmer's score (which, by the way, is excellent). The sound effects themselves are impressive, but it'd be preferable if they were toned down just a bit to allow the characters' lines to make it through. Contrarily, the visuals are nothing short of spectacular. I find it increasingly difficult to be impressed visually at the movie theater anymore, but "Interstellar" blew me away. Viewers are treated to the picture-warping experience of a wormhole, the untapped wonder of new planets, and even the haunting beauty of a dying Earth. Each of these is expertly shot, and it's all topped off by seamlessly executed effects. This is a film that requires being seen in a theater if at all possible. Then, of course, there's the science. Nolan did his homework with "Interstellar," enlisting the help of theoretical physicist Kip Thorne to ensure that every piece of science fiction is rooted in science fact. Thorne explains in "Building a Black Hole," a behind-the-scenes featurette, that "Neither wormholes nor black holes have been depicted in any Hollywood movie in the way that they actually would appear" - until now, that is. The movie delves into advanced theories of relativity, extra dimensions, and gravity in ways never seen before. Though some of the material will naturally go over many viewers' heads (myself included in some places), the film is ultimately able to explain enough of the science such that viewers can join Nolan in wondering at the possibilities presented on the screen. With "Interstellar," Nolan provides viewers with both a feature-length sci-fi extravaganza and, following that, plenty of room for discussion. After all, a large portion of what makes this movie so entertaining is the piecing together of the puzzle that inevitably occurs afterwards. Overall, "Interstellar," though not free of flaws, is a cinematic experience that simply cannot be missed. Like my reviews? Have a disagreement? Visit my website at moviemusesean.wordpress.com or give me a shout on Twitter at @MovieMuseSean.One of those films that gets better with each viewing.Inspiring and scientifically right, this movie is a master piece resonating on a not so far future that takes you right away with itThe science is highly speculative and not supported particularly well, especially toward the end. But there is so much science does not know, and such an apparent weakness almost seems like an inherent necessity in a film that is not about what we know but is so poignantly and boldly about what we could be. This is a transcendental masterpiece brave enough to advocate a simple message in brilliant fashion.You know there are times when I think one of us is an alien, and maybe its me. I cannot understand the comments from some of the 'critics' on here - this film is genius! In every dimension measurable Interstellar delivers in spades: storyline, script, acting, music, camerawork, special effects. If you watch the film and disagree please remove yourself from the the gene pool, trust me its for the good of us all.It was surprising and I really loved it!Great movie. Enjoyed it. 2 hr 49 mins. That terribly long but it's goodThere's a lot to digest in Christopher Nolan's latest film. The first two thirds of the movie are extremely well done. The acting is spot on, the visuals and craftsmanship are phenomenal, and even the story and themes are well fleshed out. A special shout-out should go to Matthew McConaughey and Jessica Chastain. There's this heartwarming but also tragic feeling that seeps through their relationship. One that makes you feel the weight of each passing second and their continuously growing rift as a result. Despite not sharing any direct screen time together, you fully believe they are father and daughter. Unfortunately, it's in the last third where this film starts to fall apart. Everything that was built up so well crumbles beneath its own weight. The story becomes too over the top, the acting suffers greatly, and the philosophical themes seem to be stretched beyond the film's own comprehension. A polished rewrite would've definitely helped. However, if there's one thing that works wonderfully all the way through, it's the soundtrack. Hans Zimmer has absolutely outdone himself again with such an enchanting but haunting bit of music. While far from perfect, Interstellar deserves at least one viewing, if nothing else, for its sheer spectacle alone. If you have a free afternoon or evening, check it out.Stupid people will think they are to smart for this movie. Simply observe the evidence in the reviews.Best movie I have ever seen I bought the movie, the vinyl and the book of the science behind it!!! This movie inspired me to become an astrophysicistI wanted to hate this film, mainly because it had so much hype and becasue of the actors. However, even with a number of rather stunning WTF moments along the way, I found the production gorgeous, the characters' motivations mostly credible and the acting pretty darned good. Usually, I avoid both McConaughey AND Hathaway; both annoyingly difficult to watch. He's too much himself playing a part. And she, well, just annoying. But in Interstellar, for me, they both rose far above their typical performance and kept me riveted to their travails. Damon, as usual, doesn't fail to turn my stomach. When the story drops back to the farm, it weakens substantially in spite of the wonderful Chastain and Michael Caine's brilliance as an actor is overshadowed some by the horrible lines he's forced to repeat over and over and over, But, overall, it kept me engaged. Much better than average. Much worse than perfect.Visually, this movie is stunning. Beautiful cinematography combined with excellent practical effects make for a very pleasurable sight-seeing experience, but that's about it. The story is predictable and boring and the acting is just okay on most fronts. It's a long, boring movie for the most part.Long boring and complicatedAmazing movie, love the technology and science behind it. Very refreshing story line.Nice effects, but the science was at bit of a stretch. The pace of the movie was all over the place as well.Visualmente bella con una narrativa compleja pero bien estructurada. Junto a un buen reparto de actores y elementos técnicos perfectos indiscutibles, Interestelar se convierte en otra pieza maestra de Christopher Nolan, aunque en momentos sea sosa y parte de su jerga nos pierda de vez en cuando.I'll admit, I was confused through most of the movie. I wasn't really into the space portions of the movie, either. But, I actually liked the last hour or so, when he sees that he was, in fact, Murph's "Ghost." Pretty interesting idea, bending time that way. If you don't mind a confusing script, I would mildly recommend this one.Cool, long, sounds great.Fantastic for a first viewing, but holds no repeat viewing value for me.good movie to kill time this afternoon.Interstellar is brilliant, intelligent, and visually encapsulating. One fine study after another finds this film's strongest grounds in its ability to elevate wonderment while balancing it with serious and thought-demanding subject matter. The intense focus on motion, time, and space all serve as enticing details.what a joke of a movie...matthew m..was horrible,,,looked high the whole movie and talked in a whisper the whole movie...the movie tries to be complicated and a brain twister to impress but it was just a total messA must watch and enjoy.awesome movie. only complaint is its long and too much of the cool loud music. one of the most thought provoking films ive ever seen. and one of the best endings. powerful movie and truly makes you wonder about the future.A great glimpse into what sci-fi movies could be, Interstellar flawlessly mixes tension, emotion and fantasy by utilizing Hans Zimmer's fantastic score and the great performance by the whole cast, even if the ending takes it a bit far.a confusing plot i guess i will have to see again to rate again.Grade: B+ Rating: 7.5/10They even get the relativistic physics right...or at least right enough.Hard to follow at times but after my brain caught up, I liked it.The only movie which depicts the science correctly on film (regarding to the black hole sequence) and showcases a family's relationships. All of this wrapped up in a movie is, Interstellar. The soundtrack is absolutely stunning, the movie itself is breathtaking if you love seeing space, black-holes, wormholes and all of those unravel, blow your expectations out of the water, you will be very pleased with this movie. Even after you are done the movie, questions, theories, will rise from your mind, that's exactly what this movie wanted to do, and that's what it does do. In conclusion, this movie is unfortunately a very underrated movie, and should receive, the attention it deserves, for how brilliant it is, it's a piece of art, a masterpiece.Good but would have benefited from being about an hour shorter. Excellent imagery and performances from everyone. The ending is just silly.71%??? what the fuck!!!Simply put, the best movie of the last decadeMakes my head hurt trying to put everything together, but another gem from Nolan.Definitely a great sci fi film.I should never leave a film with anger, especially anger I haven't felt since Transformers: Dark of the Moon. While the visuals are stunning, the film likes to distract itself with pretentiousness far too often for this film to be enjoyable. 4/10too many gaping plot holes. Post-apocalyptic earth completely unbelievable. So no food but plenty of gas for harvesters and pickups? Have spaceship but need pilot - one just happens to show up at the door? Come on. I really wanted to like this but just too dumb.I didn't realize I could say "fucking hell" so many times within one movie. If you want the most intense and heavy movie that has 90% chance to make you cry AND 100% chance that you'll be freaking out the entire time, this is the movie for you. Fucking hell.Interstellar is guilty of being a ridiculous waste of acting talent -- and there is plenty of it on board! In the end, it's just a long, boring, and an incomprehensible mess of a film without a trace of realism.cinegeek.de Christopher Nolans Interstellar, in dem einige Astronauten zum anderen Ende des Universums aufbrechen, um einen Ersatz für die ausgeplünderte Erde zu suchen, ist ohrenbetäubend laut und ungeheuer rasant. Die Musik ballert nur so, auf dass in jeder Szene maximale Aufregung herrscht. Die einzelnen Charaktere posieren eitel vor uns und dürfen allerlei philosphisches Geschwurbel von sich geben. Ich kann mich an keinen ScieFi erinnern, in dem derartig viele Figuren auflaufen: Vorneweg Matthew McConaugheys Cooper und Anne Hathaways Amelia Brand, Coopers Kollegin. Sie werden von allem getrennt, was ihnen lieb ist: Von ihren Angehörigen, ihrer Kultur, ihrer Geschichte. Nolan und sein Bruder Jonathan Nolan scheinen fest entschlossen, dem kühnen Rationalismus der ganz grossen Klassiker des Genres zu folgen. Science Fiction bedeutet hier, die Träume und Wünsche der menschlichen Rasse zu entwerfen, wie sie in Zukunft fort existieren möchte. Nolans Film scheint dabei die Idee einer nicht-rationalen Welt nie in Erwägung zu ziehen. Christopher Nolan, ein Logiker, ein reiner Ingenieur. Das Kabinettstück von Interstellar stellt die Befolgung der Prinzipien der Relativitäts-Lehre dar. Die Astronauten nehmen die Zeit wahr, abhängig von der eigenen Geduld. Wenige Minuten können hier Monaten auf dem Raumschiff entsprechen. Über alles muss deshalb besser zwei Mal nachgedacht werden, denn während der Dauer des Arguments leiden die Menschen, werden alt und grau. Hier bedeutet Zeit alles! "I'm afraid of time."; ist eines der Argumente Amelia Brands gegenüber Cooper. Das trifft auf jeden zu in Interstellar. Die Uhr tickt und betrifft jeden möglichen Aspekt menschlicher Existenz.One thing I've learned from this movie is GHOST is not real. The action which people think the ghost do can solve by science.On second viewing, I am raising my rating from 4.4. That was harsh and I must have been in a bad mood or something. It's a decent flick with great F/X. I like how the music works in it. There are some problems with contrived motivations. The ending bit with McConaughey in the black hole looks good but conceptually, it's a bit of an eyeroll. Seems like there are always problems with time loops. But there is stuff to think about and it's watchable. 6.4It was a little confusing but it was an awesome movie to add to my favorite genreAlthough this film is incredibly beautiful and has a deservedly awarding winning sound track, I can't conceive of man who would look at the plot of this film and think: 'yep, I'm happy with that' not least Christopher Nolan. It's like watching a man shove a USB in upside down for 3 hours.I cant stop watching it. Hans Zimmer's music score that set's the stage throughout is yet another triumph showing his immense talentBy far one or the best space movie drama that I ever saw,the feelings in this movie were torn apart, for how it turned out everything to Cooper.. Great, great movie from mastermind: Christopher NolanEn menos de dos años, la historia del cine ya tiene dos clásicos de la ciencia ficción. Primero fue la magistral "Gravity" de Alfonso Cuarón y ahora Christopher Nolan nos entrega un épico de 3 horas de duración llamado "Interstellar". La obsesión por el tiempo y la realidad de Nolan está presente. Las influencias de "2001:A Space Odyssey" y "The Right Stuff" son claras. Pero esta paradoja einsteiniana vuelta película es una obra de arte gracias a su alto nivel emocional, a su perfección técnica, a sus magníficas actuaciones, a su guión inteligente y a su mensaje que busca cuestionar más que moralizar. Con "Interstellar", Nolan definitivamente se consagra como uno de los mejores directores no solo de su generación, sino de la historia del cine.This film is remarkable. I have never been so heartbroken at an ending before. The whole story revolves around a relationship between a parent and a child which has really struck a cord for me. It's easily in my top 5 films of all time.A little complicated snd hard to follow but overall a very intense and engaging space movieWeaves between riveting viewing and extreme boredom, baffling situations overcomplicate it to its detrimentI want to talk about how well-made Interstellar is. I want to talk about Hoyte Van Hoytema's cinematography in director Christopher Nolan's ambitious, awe-inspiring film; it's remarkable. Stepping in for regular Nolan contributor Wally Pfister, Van Hoytema establishes an old-fashioned aesthetic full of shots of a decaying Earth and a quietly wonderous beyond. I want to talk about Lee Smith, Nolan's regular editor. He turns this three-hour space-set drama into one of the most brisk and thrilling filmgoing experiences of the year. And while the film as a whole, as ambitious as it is, feels rather conventional, Smith zigs when other editors might zag, meaning we get extended passages that are heavy on dialogue and mood-setting as well as one of the most breakneck extended climaxes in recent movie history. I want to talk about Hans Zimmer-top composer du jour, another Nolan regular-whose organ-filled score carries the majesty of the subject at hand. It's classic Zimmer, meaning some will find it overbearing and too loud, but its weight is welcome in both dramatic and action-packed moments. I want to talk about the film's controversial sound mix. Yes, occasional passages of dialogue are tough to make out, but no more so than any other action film. More notable are the moments during which Smith's editing makes exhilarating use out of space's silence (something Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity, interestingly enough, didn't really do). Why lead with this? Because this film is damn divisive, and I totally get why. But the obvious technical expertise at play in Interstellar feels like something we can all agree upon. Right? RIGHT?? The fact is no one can agree about Interstellar, and that's fine. The film is a little like Darren Aronofsky's Noah from earlier this year insofar as its flaws are masked by grand ideas and an innate ability to burrow into your brain. Both also are tremendous conversation-starting movies, and both are among my favorite films of 2014. The film opens in the American Midwest circa 2050. Matthew McConaughey plays Cooper, a widower, father, and NASA pilot who turns to farming after a blight begins destroying the world's food supply. It's bleak (and really dusty), but most of the world doesn't know quite how bad things are about to get. Cooper is perhaps cosmically guided toward a small group of NASA scientists working underground to send a team into space. Their goal: find a new home for humanity because Earth is rapidly becoming truly uninhabitable. In other words, if Cooper and company don't succeed, we're finished. The space-bound team is made up of Cooper, Brand (Anne Hathaway), Romilly (David Gyasi), Doyle (Wes Bentley), and the robot TARS (voice of Bill Irwin). Meanwhile, the elder Dr. Brand (Michael Caine, playing Hathaway's father and McConaughey's mentor) is trying to unlock an equation that will make mass space transport possible for those remaining behind on Earth-including Cooper's distraught daughter, Murph (Mackenzie Foy), who grows up to become a student of Dr. Brand herself (played in adulthood by Jessica Chastain). Should Brand, Murph, and company fail to solve this equation, Plan B states that Cooper and his team colonize the most habitable planet they encounter on the other side of a mysterious wormhole that's opened up near Saturn. The plot isn't complicated, but it's dense and tough to talk about in too much detail without getting into perceived spoiler territory. What I will say is that it's heart is intensely focused on the micro despite all the macro stuff on the surface. Wormholes, relativity, fifth dimensions-the film's ideas are HUGE. And it physically manifests its largeness in the form of deep space's geography (those waves!) and something literally called Gargantua. But ultimately, Nolan never lets us stray too far from what's clearly driving him this time around-love, relationships, human connection, and the things we as people can do together. His insistance on hitting those notes aggressively has been/will be a sticking point for some. They certainly lead to some talky, sentimental passages, but I was excited seeing McConaughey, Hathaway, Caine, and the rest of this fantastic cast of actors get to show off some dramatic chops in a Nolan science-fiction movie. It isn't something you'd expect to work, but my does it. McConaughey in particular gives a sensational performance, and Foy steals every scene she's in. I talked up the craft already, but it bears repeating: this movie is just gorgeous. What I'll take away most, however, isn't the acting or the images. It's not the story, the music, or any single scene. I cherish Interstellar, instead, because of how much I've wanted to talk about it. It's not often that such a bold, challenging, frustrating, lovely, fun film comes along, and when it does, I want to tell people to see it. I want to recommend it-all three hours-to everyone I know, so we can talk about it. From the Dust Bowl to Saturn to "beyond the infinite," this film doesn't contain a single scene unworthy of intelligent conversation, which is so much more than can be said about 95% of films in general, nevermind major studio fare. So you can nitpick about the exposition or the sound mix or a certain controversional cameo if you must; I won't even argue with you. I just want to talk about Interstellar. http://www.johnlikesmovies.com/interstellar-review/Best time travel movie using physics.Some nice ideas, but over-long, pretentious, and unengaging.The science has to be believable. What are they trying to make us digest? I did walk out after the character played by Damon goes mental. I do not believe the crew would have survived docking on that wrecked ship. This is complete hogwash. I could suspend my disbelief up to the meeting with Damon on the planet. Post this the film is grasping at straws and laughable. The film Martian explains science well with a zero dramatic effect. This also murders a plot in the science fiction genre. This kind of film has to be balanced very carefully. I believe KubricK does this well for 2001 back before the mobile, CGI age. The wormhole scenes are amazing and I enjoyed the CGI immensely however a lot more believability has to be there for this genre of film. This is not a comic book, Stan Lee-inspired movie. It becomes a pathetic leap of faith if you bring the imagination to the completely comical in a serious film with serious issues for the future of this planet. We live in a world where the single humanist will use every last drop of fossil fuel or clean water to live in houses made for 15 families and a private jet to fly the world as he or she pleases. I refer to the bahaviour of a supposed ecologist Leo Dicaprio. I enjoy his acting but the celebrity elite has to live by EXAMPLE. We are crushing our world right now in not SHARING and being LOGICAL in our wants. The city I live in has empty mansions that use water and hydro and are useless empty buildings sitting there for investors. Is this logical? Will this be good for our future? The billionaire biosphere will be a very lonely, devastated world people. All we have to do is view the character of Damon in this film or in Martian. You are creating a very lonely, deadly world for those to come. We have to OPEN OUR EYES. Did the Buddha not tell us to WAKE UP? Did Christ not raise the issue of sharing on the Sermon on the Mount? We should use this film as a warning story but how do you do this when the science falls apart. Moreover, the Twilight Zone-like book shelves and phantoms lost me completely. The "tipping point" is already here. We do not have time for nonsense. Let us all do our part even the humanist has to be appalled by the current ecology in our world. This could have been an excellent film but it was only satisfactory. I gave it three stars for the effort.Interstellar was phenomenal up untill the last 30 or so minutes when that movie implodes in itself and completely destroys my love for it. Even with enormously ambitious ideas and a overwhelming score beautifully composed by Hans Zimmer, this dazzling but flawed science fiction film suffers from lots of ''In-Your-Face'', expository dialogue and other forms of explination, plot holes and inconsistencies throughout the whole movie where this reaches an all-time high at the end, which is contrived and almost impossible to make sense out of. Interstellar is a fun and entertaining movie, but definitely doesnt deserve the immense praise it is getting, because it is ultimatly a very flawed film. (Like C'Mon it's in the higher end of the top 50 on IMDb)?I adore this movie and I can watch it more than one time.Good overall but suffers from too many uninteresting scenes that could have cut the run time by a good half hour.Christopher Nolan directs Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway in the epic sci-fci film Interstellar. In the year 2067 crops are becoming dire, and humans must find another planet to survive on. A mission is set up to have scientists go through a black hole into another galaxy to find future suitable planets for humanity to live on. Interstellar had a solid basic plot, but as with most Nolan films tries to add as much complexity and turns as possible. In this case most of them are interesting and made for a compelling film. The visual effects of the film were also fantastic. Interstellar is probably not a film that will be remembered often, but was certainly and above average science fiction film that did its best to balance creativity with scientific theory.Christopher Nolan seems to be on a downhill trend. This movie is nowhere near as smart as it thinks it is. While it was incredibly ambitious and beautiful to look at, there was one crucial thing missing...a point. While I realize I am in the minority, I could not in good conscience recommend this to anyone. There are much better Sci-Fi films out there.To long, convoluted plot, not enough exploration... just disapointing overall.I loved this truly gripping film. Another masterpiece by Nolan. Mesmerising storyline complemented by the legendary Hans Zimmer's music score. Brilliant.2001: A space-time oddysey of our time...Went to Matthew McConaughey's greatest movies. It was a slow moving but I appealing movie, and made me want to stay in the theaters a lot longer. The reason why it's not a five-star is because of the ending by going into a black hole he ends up in this fourth dimension that shows every aspect of time itself and just is confusing when watching it for the first time. Other than that it was a fantastic movie,Nolan once again produces a thrilling and awe-inspiring film with Interstellar. It reminded me of the works of Spielberg, particularly Close Encounters of the Third Kind. It also takes heavy inspiration from Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey, and this ultimately hurts the film in the last 15 minutes or so. For much of the near 3 hour run time, Interstellar remains fairly grounded within reality, but near the end it tries to bite off more than it can chew and goes into places beyond what it is really capable of. It is however a great achievement for Christopher Nolan that something as incredible as Interstellar doesn't even make the top 5 of his films. Most directors can only dream of making 1 film as good as Interstellar over their entire careers. Nolan not only made Interstellar, but has made at least 5 other films which are better than it. Truly he is one of this generations greatest filmmakersHELL YES!!! I just saw this last night and this might be my favorite film in a long time.LOL mathew mconahay r a guy who haz std so he goes in spays and into blak hoel so he duznt has std anymoar. this way std haz intrdimenshional traveling abilities. Mathew mconahey are bad guymy small brain could not understand this movie, therefore I think its one of the worst, if not THE WORST, movie I have ever seen in my life. SPOILER : If he had access to all space and time how did he know when and where to go It seems like there was too many possibilities. Even they clearly stated it in the movie how it was done, I just don't understand.this was such a fantastic movie! Top five for sure!One of the best movies of recent times. Enjoyed every second of it. Hope they make a sequel...A modern science fiction epic. It's thought-provoking and visually stunning. It's what Christopher Nolan does best.This movie is my favorite movie in the relativity most of this is very plausible and confirmed by Einsteins Theory of Relativity.heartbreaking. (and no ominous planet-sized babies)Much much better than most of the Sci-Fi movies and adapted a real practical notion.With brilliant performances from cast and crew alike, Interstellar is a thought- provoking, visually immersive film. 80%This movie is awesome.This movie frustrated the hell out of me! It was tiresome trying to tie everything together."Pull the rabbit out of the hat" movie with totally illogical conclusions. Too Long, too many mumbled lines, and utterly baffling conclusions. A waste of time.Because of my next statement I can say with absolute certainty that I will never be considered a film critic: Interstellar is, by my observation, possibly the greatest film ever made. A masterpiece of visual storytelling; it tackles one of the most ancient of human inquiries... namely... the difference between, the justifications for, and the guilt from choosing selfishness or selflessness.Best sci-fi film since Contact. Amazing attention to detail. Just amazing.Watching this movie in the cinema made the whole experience better. Great soundtrack by Zimmer. The movie + soundtrack made me teary eyed.What a total waste of almost three hours of my life I will never get back. I rely on reviews to tell me whether to spend time on a movie - I feel betrayed by all of the positive reviews of this movie. Stupid plot line, stupid characters, stupid dialogue and nauseating philosophical musing - nice cinematography and that is truly about it.This movie should have been called Gravity. If only Innaritu spent as much time as the Nolans on his film...Christopher Nolan redefines Sci-fi in the epic, "Interstellar." Set in the near future, "Interstellar" ties real problems of today into an action-packed movie that will keep viewers constantly on the edge. This movie has it all, betrayal, theoretical physics, amazing cinematography, and of course, an outstanding performance from Matthew McConaughey himself.It was a pretty good sci-fi movie however the movie is kinda long but still pretty good! To me I thought of it as 2001 A Space Odyssey meets Inception!To hate on this movie is a memeWeakest Nolan movie though it is a good entertaining flick.Very good movie. Very complicated but gripping.So many problems. Where do I begin. First, the movie is nearly three hours long. Hour and a half in I couldn't believe I had more than an hour to go. Painful. Not that the movie doesn't have its merits, but they are few by comparison. OK, let's get into it. Here's a film that is highly self-conscious often going to great extremes to be intelligent. But there are simple questions within said complexity that can be addressed as well. For example, it's 2067, and it's not world war or aliens or global warming that's going to do us in but crop blight. You'd think that by 2067 there'd be a way to kill pathogenic organisms. I could understand a comet hitting the earth, even global warming or world war, but blight? I'm not buying it. Then there's these alleged aliens who are helping the scientists find a solution to the blight / end of the world problem, so they've provided a wormhole to a possible alternative world, but there's a problem. First, no one's coming back (or so Dr. Brand tells us) so plan B, 5,000 embryos to perpetuate the human race, is the only option. To enable this part of the plot to work (see, this is what sci-fi writers have to do, find technical excuses, but if there are too many explanations it becomes a story full of complex conversations and little else), we are told that the ocean world where the crew has landed is close to the black hole so time has become severly dilated: for each hour there seven years on earth pass. Once you hear this you just know the crew will not be able to get anything done in an hour or so. No, by the time they leave decades have passed. Meanwhile, back on earth, Murphy believes that the problem can be solved by getting more data on gravitational singularity (fyi, might be a good idea to read Brief History of Time before watching the movie; otherwise, you'll be as lost as Cooper's crew). Now the big mind meld: Cooper realizes that as Endurance attempts its escape from Edumund's planet that the black hole is pulling the ship into it. To provide a sling shot, Cooper jettisons him and TARS towards the black hole. They become entrapped in a tesseract, a four dimensional analog of the cube (see, now you wish you had paid attention during those math and science classes) that is made of book shelves. So where did this come from? Well, the smart extraterrestrials, of course. They set it up so that Cooper can send data to Murphy to solve the gravitational problem. But exactly who are these aliens? We never find out. So it's here where we find that the "ghost" in Murphy's room at the beginning of the movie was actually her dad. Here you'll have to understand that time is not linear that it folds in on itself and future, present, and past are all the same thing. See what I mean about those science and math courses? OK, eventually, by sending morris code via a wristwatch (yeah, you see what I'm taking about. I'm getting a headache too) Cooper sends Murphy enough data to solve the gravitational problem. The earth is saved. Cooper is ejected back into normal space, arrives on a space habitat orbiting Saturn where the humans have collected to survive. He visits a very old, heroic Murphy on her death bed who tells Cooper after some time that she wants to be with her children, who have gathered about her, who then ignore their granddad as he leaves the room like some janitor who came in just to empty the waste baskets. With problems large and small, Interstellar is not what it's purported to be, or what many are saying in the positive. It is way too complicated, too long, and the payoff? Well, guess what? The answer is love. At the end, at Murphy's behest, Cooper leaves to find Dr. Brand (Anne Hathaway) who's stuck out in space to feel the love all are looking for. Did we need all that complexity to discover this? You get my point, I hope.Awesome CGI effects, inane plot, too long. And while I'm glad they didn't go for robots that look human, having robots that look like bricks isn't gettin' it either.Very good flic. Great effects. Cool story.Not one of Christopher Nolan's best but a great film nonetheless featuring breathtaking visuals and space sequences. Not a perfect movie, but you'll still have a good time. Check it out!What a fantastically suspenseful sci-fi movie. I had heard decent things about it but couldn't really see myself enjoying it. Well, I'm glad I stumbled into watching it as it's an edge of your seat wonder.The space-travel is a plot device to explore what it means to be human, particularly in a tight corner. The story pit the human condition in a desperate moment for survival, asking the question that if our consciousness can extend beyond the self -, family- ties. Even though it tries to answer with a metaphysical "love", it unfortunately fell to the same plane of humanistic optimism. If there is a God that would save us from extinction, it is ourself that created that God. The science of how this apotheosizing future can save its past is entirely mythical, but that is not the point. Man becomes God through Love and Evolution -- that seems to be theme. What makes this movie watchable are its strong actors, mostly notably Matthew M. who lent his strength to an otherwise rather sentimental role.Such a brilliant film from start to finish and one of the best endings to a Sci-Fi film i have ever seen.Uh...what did I just watch? I may have had no idea what was going on, but there was some damn good acting going on...sometimes. Did it have to be 3 hours long though? Some good stuff going but felt like a chore to get there.About an hour in we discover why our world will end if we don't watch it till the end and INTERSTELLAR is worth the ride!Interstellar is an epic space drama. Well acted. It is a fantasy and must be appreciated as such. As far fetched as some of the plot is, the portrayal of space-time must be taken with a grain of salt for amusement only. This gets to an extreme when the protagonist goes through a black hole and ends up in a room on the other side of the wall of his farm homestead on Earth! Despite the frustration of the absurdity and illogical parts, some fantastic imagery is presented as the audience experience distant alien worlds. The most stunning of these is the water on Miller's planet, where 1 hour is equal to 7 years on Earth due to the gravitational proximity to Gargantua, a nearby black hole. The fist fight with Matt Damon is completely absurd. Surely two men on the surface of a strange alien planet would not resort to rolling around wrestling after such a task of arriving on the planet has been successfully made. Alas, this is Hollywood and we must put aside such plot gaps. The protagonist's reunion with his older daughter is mind tinkering. Not a classic film, but a good solid one for science fiction buffs.Incorporating elements of other sci-fi films notably Solyent Green, Silent Running and Contact with a little bit of 2001 thrown in (not to mention Matt Damon rehearsing his Martian role) this turned into a spectacular film that I enjoyed much more than I expected. The soundtrack is perfect and whilst I cannot comment on whether the physics are correct or not it kind made sense and was throughly enjoyable - I cried !Interstellar is obviously one of the smartest, most interesting and beautiful movies ever created.This movie starts out so awesome. There is also a mystery element to the story. However, once everything is revealed, you are left scratching your head. I also didn't expect the almost 3 hour running time...Good movie but it kinda lost itself in space. Did the people who were writing this movie even know what the heck they were doing in the end. All I know is that it was sometimes boring and sometimes cool and worth ONE watch if you feel like watching a space drama.Solid performances, stunning visuals, perfect production and a brilliant score are surrounded by a somewhat flabby run time and a story that is half compelling (if that makes sense) as in it made me think about certain subjects it brings up but not in way that justified its length or could hold my attention like other films either in same genre or of the same running time.Absolutely beautifully mind blowing.Started off pretty good, but went off the rails halfway through.Mankind was born on Earth. It was never meant to die here.Interstellar may not be the most extraordinary film with intellectual aspects, even if Christopher Nolan's direction is all over this breathtaking picture. But with his involvement, a well-chosen cast delivering glorious acting, and visuals stunning enough to mesmerize audiences, anything is possible.Great movie! Nolan puts together another great film that's unique and stands out from most films...The movie is spectacular to watch visually...but what really drives this movie is the story....and while at times u will scratch ur head...when you go back and think about it...it all comes together...while there are things that I really didn't like ..and maybe not on board with every little aspect u can forgive it,for the simple fact of how magnificent the story telling is...and Nolan does purposely makes you think,some things make sense and some do not.... The cast is GREAT,except one,and you know who I'm talking about when you watch it...Matthew Maconahay gives a FANTASTIC performance! Literally carries this movie from beginning to end! In the end this movie isn't perfect and isn't for everyone...This movie deserves a 2ND watching if u plan to watch it.. Which I'm going to be doing..... ill give this Movie a B+ as of right now..this easily could go UP for me...Just when I thought Science Fiction films were dead this movie proved me wrong. This movie was memorable and Matthew McConaughey's acting packed a punch.Interstellar is an interesting film because it succeeds and fails in almost equal measure. Let's first take a look at-- What Interstellar Does Well: The visuals are astounding. I may have only watched it on my dinky iPhone 6 screen, but the set pieces and settings are at once tangible and sublime. It all feels real in a way that calls attention to the insignificance of life on Earth, Carl Sagan's sentiment made staggeringly real. It also tries to say something profound about humans existing and transcending the vastness of space time through emotion, but that's where we get to-- What Interstellar Doesn't Do Well: For a movie that goes to painstaking length to bring physics theory to life, it falls back on a limp story. The relationship between Cooper and his daughter Murph attempts to ground the theme of "love conquers all," but it gets in the way more often than it sells the connection between these characters. It also throws science fiction ex machinas into the plot to patch up any loose or undeveloped ends whenever it paints itself into a wall (finding the solution to "gravity" being the biggest eye-roller of the bunch). And as much as Christopher Nolan can direct the heck out of an event movie, he gives his audience exactly zero credit to think on their own. Everything is explained in pedantic detail often to the point that it mutes what should be emotional scenes (we don't need TARS to explain the "library" to us. It's better if there's some mystery left to it). He clearly tries to ape the epic scale of "2001: A Space Odyssey" here, but part of the beauty of Kubrick's films is that he never went out of his way to explain anything. There isn't a word of dialogue in the final twenty minutes of that movie. Nolan should have taken note. Is "Interstellar" worth a watch? Undoubtedly. But it's more a microcosm of Nolan's weaknesses as a writer-director, than a showcase of his strengths. 4.9/10Great cast and an entertaining film but certainly not a masterpiece. The plot was kind of stupid at times but if you can get past them it's a pretty decent film.Not terrible my first time seeing it but it may take a few more times for me to really love it.Visually stunning movie. I would say the movie's main fault lies in the fact that Christopher Nolan was altogether too ambitious. He tried to touch on too many things in this movie -- drama, action, philosophy, science fiction -- that it left the movie a bit scattered in my opinion.Not Nolan's best movie, but still a beautiful filmWhile it does have a number of good ideas, as well as striking visuals, it also has just as many flaws in its reasoning. This time I think Nolan's apparently boundless imagination is too great for his own good, and the concept becomes too unrestrained, to the point where it cannot be well-executed. At times, it seems like Nolan has just learned about all of these cool concepts of astronomy and theoretical physics, got really excited, and just decided to jam them all into this movie, while also beating some of them over our heads. The casting decisions for the lead roles are also questionable, and I actually think this winds up being Nolan's messiest and least cerebral movie.This movie was moving at times and the special effects were cool. At times, the plot was a little difficult to follow.Magnificent. Ambitious. Thrilling. This is what cinema is all about.I can't give it only one star simply because I couldn't bear to sit through the whole movie.Finally finished the movie that has felt like a homework to complete. Glad I was able to with no interruption while snowed in. No fan of Matthew McConaughey but have to admit he was pretty good in this movie. "do not go gentle into that good night..." by Dylan Thomas... whom my boy is named after... ^^Sorry but I think this movie was very overrated and quite unrealistic. Just my opinion.one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. one of those movies you don't want to end. this mind bending psychological thriller keeps you on the edge of your seat and keeps you guessing till the end.After completing the Dark Knight Trilogy, and making blockbusters intelligent with Inception (2010), the sky is no longer the limit for writer/director Christopher Nolan. Who picked up this space adventure his brother Jonathan Nolan was writing in 2007 for Steven Spielberg to direct. However, Nolan makes it his own, and despite the absolutely stunning visuals on display, it's a very grounded human story. Set in a near future where Earth is facing an agricultural crisis, where crops are dying and the earth faces massive dust storms. NASAÂ physicist Professor Brand (Michael Caine) comes up with a plan to move Earth's population to another planet in another solar system, using wormholes in space to get there. Brand asks ex-NASA pilot Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) to pilot a spacecraft with Brand's biologist daughter Amelia (Anne HathawayÂ to a potentially habitable planet in another solar system. This means Cooper has to leave his 10 year old daughter Murphy (Mackenzie Foy) and 15 year old son Tom (TimothÃ©e Chalamet), a tough decision to make. It's a film of two halves, the struggle for survival on earth, and then the struggle for survival in space. There's some brilliant set pieces in the film, including the potential planets discovered. The science may leave your heads aching with the information, but it's a visually stunning film, with a brilliant ensemble cast to boot and some amazing visual effects.Â Great movie, but the ending could have been better.A long hard to follow mish mash of a movie. Parts are interesting but so far out it dosn't even begin to make sense. A grim view of the future. The robots are the some of the nicest people in it.This was a pretty decent film until the last 45 minutes. It just got too ridiculous. It tried to cram way to many twists and turns and in the end the result was a mess.Amazing. Captures the wonder and simultaneous dread of space travel and our future in the cosmos perfectly. The soundtrack is to die for and evokes the perfect emotions. The climax is a bit weak compared to the first two acts, but overall this movie is a masterpiece. A must-see if you're interested in science fiction or general space-y things.I didn't love the last 15 or so minutes. But the rest was wonderful.Excellent movie up to the final section. I normally don't approve of time plots, but this one is fairly self sufficient. By explaining time as a fourth dimension, I can accept the altering of it. But I can't suspend belief enough to buy the last twenty minutes of the movie. What are the odds that the black hole would send him to the current day Saturn? Not good. Excellent cinematography, and had a 2001-esque feel.Such a great film. Must see.Even if you can't manage to wrap your head around concepts like time-space relativity, antigravity propulsion or 5th dimensional travel, 'Interstellar' spends a lot of time building up its very sentimental story based on concepts like love and human connection. How hard this all lands probably depends on one's expectations going in, and how effective you feel director Christopher Nolan and the actors are at conveying the emotion; I found it pretty effective. Grounded by a solid performance from Matthew McConaughey, with some stunning visuals and a haunting Hans Zimmer score.Managed to see it in the cinema, so extra half point for thatOne of the best movies I've watched in years. Watching movies for me is usually tiring but this, even with such a long runtime kept me interested and amazed for the entire span of the film. The concepts and imagination visualized through the technical visuals really blew me away. And the hope that space travel like depicted might actually be true. I just loved it.That got the biggest waste of money on a movie! I want see what's on the floor of cutting room!MUCH BETTER THAN "THE MARTIAN". Should have been up for the awards: much more emotional and meaningful , with STUNNING special effects.Its a Christopher Nolan film, expectations are high. And it sure has lived up to them. Amazing cinematography and a good storyline combined with a bit of Nolan mind- bogglers make this movie a must watch.Another great action film from Christopher Nolan. Some of it goes off the deep end, but it still retains its humanistic chords.great movie, the story continued to twist repeatedly but it such a great movienot so sure what the hell was going on in the end there but overall kept me interested. was definetly worth watching.Interstellar is a fantastic science fiction-space adventure film. The film starts off really connecting you to McConaughey and his family in a future where the world and its food supply is dwindling. Once the outer-space stuff gets going, the visuals are top notch and it really keeps you guessing what is coming next. The whole time you are wondering what is really going on and there are plenty of twists to keep you hooked. The acting is amazing, especially from Jessica Chastain who's character was captivating to watch on screen. The final segment which reveals everything was a bit on the crazy side, but it all made sense (mostly) and tied things up nicely. The length may scare you, but almost all 3 hours of the film are intriguing and you will be drawn into the great story unfolding in front of you.More about humanity than its pure Sci first rootsit's hard at times to climb out of the shell of someone who follows tech, science, and space news closely to think about the lofty and technical plot that Interstellar is as a film, and that's how someone can rationalize some negative reviews of this film - but I refuse to listen to people who can't forgo those drawbacks when looking at the spectacular visuals and homage to space exploration adventure films and say this film somehow misses its mark. as far as I'm concerned, this film is it - this is Best Picture this year. Boyhood stands a good chance as well, but what it lacked was the objective emotional point for the audience to live inside the world of the film and watch time go by. the 2nd act of this film is SO BRUTAL, so delightfully hard to sit through and see the pain in the characters' faces. this film reaches far into character depth on a small level within relationships, but SO FAR in terms of scope, design, and exploration of string theory - and does the last visually in a way that's actually comprehendable (to a point). if you're not seeing this film in IMAX, you're missing out on the 2001: A Space Odyssey of this generation. I believe this film will age SO WELL; it'll be the space film, spiritual sequel to 2001 and you'd be foolish to pass it up in theaters.Regardless of whether you like this movie or not (I did), there is no denying that it is a movie-watching experience unlike anything you've ever seen. Incredibly moving.This bizarre turn of form from Nolan results in a film that oozes dramatic intent but lacks characters that it's easy to care about. Much of the dialogue varies between the bland and bizarrely timed pseudo meaningful speeches. Nolan's direction doesn't come to the rescue either as it works more on artistic presentation than good story telling. What is really shocking is that, in a film with a name such as this, the presentation somehow completely fails to give any sense of distance to the journey, partly aided by poor pacing . The action also has some bizarre turns where you don't really know what's going on until after it's done (see the planet with all the water scene). Therefore, most of this film rolls back on waiting for people to simply say what is going on as it's otherwise not being conveyed. So yes, this is a big incomprehensible and underwhelming mess with an ending that tries to cleverly exposition it's way out of just being a cliche'd let down. I would only recommend it on the basis of it's intrigue and atmosphere in the first half before it starts to fall apart, but fall apart it does.On this planet 1 hour lasts 7 years for made up reasons to act as a plot device!Interstellar is like taking the needless one hour walk when you can just take the thirty minute shortcut.Interstellar's thought-provoking ideas, dazzling visuals, intriguing storyline, and emotional prowess truly define what a film should strive for. Interstellar has earned its distinction as the best movie of all time.Interesting movie. It felt a little like Inception in space.In a nutshell, this is a story about the planet dieing and humans are looking to find an earth replacement. It is very sci-fish in that sense but I would say that it is also a dramatic movie. There is some action but the dialog/relationships drives the story, not the action. The acting is really good. There are very good actors throughout. The story itself is good as there are several twist and turns to the movie all the way through. Even though you kind of know going in the mission will probably be succesful, the entire "how they got there" is not predictable at all. The relationship between McConaughey's character and his daughter is very good and tugs at your heart strings a little. There are 2 main reasons I did not give it a 5 stars. 1, you kinda figure there is a good chance they will find an earth replacement. 2, something happens that, to me, does not make sense. If spoiler spoiler spoiler...then ok, whatever. That said, I did not feel it took away anything from the movie. I highly recommend it. It is 3 hours long so prepare yourself.Amazing movie, one of my favourites and has quite the emotional twist to it.This movie was terrific. The screen play was intelligent and written quite well. It was thought provoking and interesting. It was one of the better movies I have seen in awhile.Love, love, loved the whole idea behind this movie. Bravo for attempting to give people a visualization of things that are otherwise unthinkable for us to imagine.A very well put together Science Fiction film which kind of reminds me as a modern version of 2001: A space Odyssey. This film makes you ask a lot of questions and do a lot of thinking.This film is definitely enjoyable and plenty suspenseful, but with an eyeroll and an occasional shake of the head. As my Dad would say, it was "one of those weird ones". Oddly enough, the scene where he's behind the stuff doing the stuff (no spoilers!) kinda reminded me of Prince Of Darkness for some reason. Shiver. Awesome length!Most ridicules movie I've ever seen that had very pretty imagery.A fantastic, thrilling mind bending experience with an incredible scale mixed in with the some of the most believable visuals of deep space and theoretical physics ever to be shown to date. Interstellar may have some undeniable plot holes and paradoxes but can be overlooked due to it's weight.Bad. Really bad. The movie was decent up until the end or so, and then it looks like the original writer died, and they replaced him with some intern on LSD. The story's logic has more holes than Swiss cheese, and the ending makes no sense at all... DO NOT SEEAs a fan of most Science Fiction movies, I was surprised with amount of eye rolling that occurred while watching this movie. I found it to be cheesy, uninspired and half-baked.Nolan provides yet again another brilliant, thought provoking film. A gorgeous one at that.This film is visually captivating, and brilliant. It delivers something which will stay in the mind of its viewers for a long time. It is a fine ballad. And is there shaky science? maybe, but who pays to watch a science lecture? It's a movieSlow is the nicest way to describe this movie. Waste of time - and we saw it for free via Amazon Prime.I enjoyed this, though I wasn't too sure about the ending, well shot, pretty well paced and watchable.Though I haven't seen all of Nolan's films, I have greatly enjoyed what I have seen so far (Insomnia, the Batman trilogy, and Inception), and with sci-fi being one of my favourite genres, seeing 'Interstellar' eventually was a no-brainer for me. Despite its 169 minutes, it didn't seem long at all (if a film is well made, then the longer, the better) and it's resoundingly clear that Christopher is excellent both in getting fine performances from his actors and, along with his brother Jonathan, in writing scripts. What makes the film special for a sci-fi work is that he doesn't have to show any monster--nothing is truly more scary than humanity itself. This is a work that can combine an excellent explanation of the theory of relativity yet still show that the only things that truly matter are the relationships we develop in our everyday lives. My favourite film of all-time is still one of the most ambitious, '2001: A Space Odyssey', but it's very comforting to me that six generations after the birth of cinema, and the Faberge eggs of genius that have come along the way, from Georges Méliès' 'A Trip to the Moon' and Fritz Lang's 'Metropolis', that outstanding works of science fiction, such as 'Gravity', 'Ex Machina' and this fine film by Nolan, are still being made. There's hope for us yet!...An interesting take on developing civilization away from Earth. It gets a little trippy at times, but that's gonna happen when you're dealing with black holes. Overall, a solid sci-fi flick.Brilliantly compiled space oddesey. Matthew McConaughey again shows a great performance. Plenty of action compliment what could easily have been a dull movie, but has instead become a masterpiece.hell of a lot better than Gravity, that's for sure.A Masterpiece of Cinema!took way too long to tell the storyExcellent! Two hours and fourty-nine minutes of complete awesomeness.pretty good, very long...does need to be though. good for sci-fi lovers.I watched "Interstellar" in a theatre and followed the physics of the worm hole, the aging differential, black hole, etc. with no difficulty at all. It IS visually stunning, while at the same time being another laborious, extremely negative treatise on how we're killing the earth. I decided to re-watch it on the small tube and realized what I don't think anyone has commented on: This is an overly long, bloated movie which could have be edited to far less than its incredible 2 hours and 49 minutes! I got through what I thought was most of the film and realized I had an hour and 23 minutes to go! That flick is just way too long. Also, at this point the movie seems to have bogged down from its own weight, forcing me to pause and watch the rest of it later. That was three days ago, and I still haven't come back to it yet.Too long. Lost interest after 2hrs.Not usually my kinda film but I hung in there with a bit of human interest.....Da vedere, bravi attori e, fino ad un certo punto, anche buon ritmo. Sulla parte finale si poteva fare di meglio.excellent movie... a tad long but, all in all, a great movie!There's two and a half hours of mumbling Matthew that I'll never get back. The sound levels were totally aggravating, the actor can't be bothered to open his mouth to speak and the ending is.... well, just jaw-droppingly stupid. I am willing to suspend belief for most sci-fi but this one was not worth it. Fail.Finally saw Insterstellar! It was very creative and unique, and I really appreciated that things taking place in the vacuum of space didn't make any sound.An ambitious but plausible film that is both beautiful and thought-provoking. Yes, not all parts of the movie are not 100% scientifically accurate, but the main concept of Interstellar is entirely conceivable. Suspension of disbelief withstanding, this is a fantastic film that handles its subject matter creatively and effectively.While too long and in need of some trimming of eye rolling cheesery & rediculous moments, the theme and sci-fi stand strong and make for an interesting watch.Blew my mind. I loved it. It left me with so much to think about. :)Slow, boring, stupid, extremely illogical ending. Yawn.They're was excitement around every corner. Another brilliant master piece by Nolan.On of the best movies I have seen in a while. Gripping, edge of the seat action made me forgive the slow beginnings. I cried, I hoped.Loved itPonderous, indulgent, and too impressed with itself. Trying to be 2001: A Space Odyssey, but failing miserably. The acting is fine, if you like those actors. Like the scene where the drone is retasked to run farm equipment - "Give it something socially responsible to do." Matt Damon reprises his renowned role of Guy Who Needs Rescuing. What's up with that anyways? The science and socio-technical systems (especially with regard to the climate change disaster and the work going on in the "outlaw" NASA) are FAR too oversimplified. On the water planet, the waves had no back-current - that's a pretty significant flaw. But if there were a back-current, it'd've been so powerful that no human could have survived it. So short-sighted movie moguls decide to not even try. Pfft! The whole "power of love" thing would have been best left to a Huey Lewis song; instead, it's peddled to stroke the weak-minded audience into dualistic philosophical stances. Pfft^2! And not a single person in the film had "the Right Stuff," stuff that is documented to exist in some humans. Finally, the robot was utterly ridiculous, both mechanically and computationally. It was an asshole that deserved never to have been built. The tesseract was mildly amusing, but if someone actually "built" it, then why wouldn't they leave some frickin' instructions? Pfft^3!This movie was absolutely beautiful. Not necessarily in terms of visual effects (they were cool but not "pretty"), but in terms of the storyline. I never thought there would be a happy ending, but there was. I found myself laughing and crying, and on the edge of my seat right up until the very end. I love how they left it open so you can imagine whatever you want.Just because entering a black hole (i.e. crossing the event horizon) is literally impossible. Also, the cause of the plague on earth has not even been made allusion of.Wow! This film is a perfect example of groupthink. Somewhere a group of people must have sat together egging each other on to make this film more and more incomprehensible and longer and longer. I'm amazed that the stellar cast agreed to make this film. They must have been drunk. Terribly boring and drawn out film. Very disappointed.It's no surprise that a movie that heavily features time dilation seems to drag on far longer than it should. Other than that there is very little wrong with this space opus other then the "bookcase tesseract within a black hole" scenario which does seem a little silly. In a clear homage to Kubrick's "2001, a space odyssey", the difficulty in finding a surrogate Earth is underlined (and by extrapolation the need to look after the original). A hugely entertaining parable from the Nolan brothers.Mind blowing journey. One of the greatest achievements in film history.It's a modern version of 2001: A Space Odyssey, my favorite movie of all time.Had to think very hard! Very scientific movie, but very good!!!Definitely not lacking in spectacle, and utilises stunning visuals excellently. Massively regret not seeing this in IMAX.A very intelligent and beautiful film that not everyone will have the capacity to get. It delivers the absorbing epic I hoped it would. A modern science fiction classic.One of the best films I've ever seen.I loved this movie! This is the first time I've watched Anne Hathaway and not found her annoying beyond belief. Even her crying scenes didn't bug me.Another great movie from Christopher NolanSci-fi is hardly suspensful, most of the time full of geekery. But this movie turned the tale. After the half time, every bit of it was breath taking.i like matt damon as a bad guy.this is the best movie everLike a lot of Christopher Nolan films, this makes you question the way you live. No other director can seem to hit me on a personal level quite like he does. Interstellar asks questions you aren't sure you want to know the answers to, or sometimes that you wouldn't even know to ask. Movies like Interstellar are why I watch movies.Grande saga cosmique à la Nolan, se voulant un peu le 2001 : A Space Odyssey de notre époque. L'ensemble est certes complexe, voire brillant, comme pour Inception. Mais contrairement à ce dernier, Interstellar a lentement mais sûrement fini par m'ennuyer. J'imagine qu'il faut être assez callé en science cosmologique pour apprécier le tout...There aren't enough stars. Js.Good movie with many Nolan qualities. However, it is not as good as Inception or his other top movies. Yet, those are tough to be compared to. Good enough to watch and enjoy, especially if you're a thinker.I was quite hyped to see this movie after all its sky-high audience reviews. . . down-right disappointed when I saw it. It made no sense whatsoever. I agree more with the critics here at this point.One of my favorite all-time movies! So cool and touching.Ambitious and imaginative, Nolan's sci-fi epic reaches further and the stars with huge ideas and scope, and although he might not reach both and stumbles on the way - there is no denying Interstellar is simply something else. Brilliant visuals, storytelling, a truly ethereal score and investing acting - this is one of Nolan's best.Rubbish, an awful score combined with a convoluted and ridiculous plot. Another example of Nolan's shortcomings as a filmmaker. *on a separate note, please go to actual scientific sources, whether they be books, journals, or magazines to answer your questions about topics such as relativity...support the ACTUAL SCIENTISTS.Instellar is a story of emotion with a very sparse plot. It's obvious all the money went into the space travel scenes as the Earth side stuff was sparse. I couldn't help but think this movie was heavily inspired by two animes. Voices From a Distance Star covered the idea of communication through space. The end of the movie made it seem like the origin story for Mobile Suit Gundam. Easily, the best part of the movie is the space travel adventure. It can be a real tearjerker too. It's nearly 3 hours so make sure you are prepared.que raro la calificacion que tiene, en verdad se me hace un gran trabajoToo long to the point where it starts to get boring.A great little adventure film.Great movie with interesting story and awesome settings. Coupled with quantum physics and Hans Zimmer's epic soundtrack, this is definitely one of the most memorable movies I've seen in a while.Just finished watching Interstellar and WTH... most confusing/enjoyable/mind bending movie I have seen in a long time. Though the constant spinning did make me a bit dizzy at times.Brilliant film. Brilliant actors, brilliant music score, brilliant story. It's the first film I've seen in years that wasn't predictable. I had no idea where the story was going and then I didn't want it to end, it was so good.There's no doubting Christopher Nolan's passion for the craft of filmmaking and his desire to entertain his audience. I wholly admire his ambition to go beyond the conventional; to realise his own very distinct vision. The worlds of his films are often so seductive that their shortcomings are largely forgivable. But with Interstellar what's become apparent is that he's not actually a great storyteller. Set in the not too distant future when the earth is doomed and the only crop that will grow is corn, Interstellar is the story of Coop (Matthew McConaughey) a former space test pilot who, along with his daughter (Mackenzie Foy and later played by Jessica Chastain), discovers that NASA, led by Professor Brand (Michael Caine), has set up shop down the road from their farm and just happens to be in need of a skilled pilot to man a mission to a distant galaxy in search of a viable planet for human habitation. When Coop takes off on his intergalactic adventure with his crew (Anne Hathaway, Wes Bentley and David Gyasi) so too does the narrative finally find momentum and Nolan is clearly in his comfort zone. There are some truly riveting sequences, superb effects and stunning visuals that lull you into a false sense of security. It doesn't matter that you don't follow all the quick-fire chatter about quantum mechanics or that there are significant logic holes, you are taken on a thrilling ride that for a while feels masterful, even groundbreaking. But then Nolan and his co-writing brother Jonathan delve deeper into thematic exploration at the expense of plot momentum and find themselves in territory where they're far less comfortable. Again, Nolan is to be applauded for wishing to deliver something more cerebral than a mere popcorn science-fiction thriller but abandoning a satisfying plot-driven climax and resolution for a conclusion overblown with soppy connotations about the power of love just doesn't cut it. And as the mysteries of Nolan's world are unpacked it slides into some sort of M. Night Shyamalan film that feels manipulative, hollow and silly rather than clever and affecting. There's plenty of emotion in Interstellar but it doesn't extend beyond the screen. Every lead actor has their turn at blubbering but I wasn't moved enough to shed a tear. In fact, as the film progressed I found it increasingly annoying. The unconventional sound mix doesn't help. Lines of dialogue are totally swamped by Hans Zimmer's overbearing organ soundtrack. And while I understand Nolan's aim to express the emotional intent of a scene not merely through dialogue but through every sound/image tool available to him, his intentions don't always translate effectively. Matthew McConaughey also grated on me. It seems the higher his star has risen the more stylised his drawl has become. I laughed out loud on more than one occasion at his too-cool-for-school delivery and it didn't help that Nolan didn't pull him (and every other actor) back on the crying. When Anne Hathaway delivers the film's most profound sentiments about love, she does so with such teary, doe-eyed flagrancy that their impact is muted. There's enough spectacle, tension and ideas in this film for you to feel like you get your money's worth. Nonetheless, as you exit the cinema after 167 minutes there is a distinct gnawing of dissatisfaction and by the next day it's already started to slip too easily from your mind. For a film of this magnitude and supposed profundity I'd say that's mission not accomplished.just AWESOME! best scifi i´ve seen since 2001: A space OddysseyNot without its faults and mild plot holes. Nonetheless an incredible journey across the universe. Visually captivating and the science and story are nothing short of fascinating.Interstellar is an understandably divisive film: Some praise it blindly for being a Christopher Nolan film, others deride it for various reasons ranging from plot to the third act. While I do like many of Nolan's films, I don't consider myself a Nolan fanboy (or a fanboy of any directors) and I judge a film solely on its merits. For the most part, Interstellar is an exciting and interesting film with big ideas and bigger set pieces. Parts of the film do remind me of other (great) films like Gravity, Sunshine, Prometheus, and especially 2001: A Space Odyssey. But unlike 2001 (a movie I personally still don't understand), Interstellar is pretty straightforward about its science. But it's not without its faults: There are several illogical moments (why was the military disbanded? How are there no food riots? Shouldn't the world be more like Mad Max?) that could have been explored a bit better while trimming a bit from its three-hour runtime. A third-act revelation that is fascinating is also confounded with more questions (Is love really a scientific phenomenon?) and the final few minutes of the movie really make no sense and even question much of the movie (Perhaps an attempt to be like Inception?). There's also a great score that I heard would overcome the dialogue, but it wasn't as big a problem as I expected, because it wasn't dialogue integral to the plot of the film so much as just parts of the scene that could still hear, but low. And the cast - save for Matthew McConaughey, who was exceptional - was just okay. interstellar is a slow-burn of a film that could have been trimmed down a lot and still make sense, but considering I had low expectations, I think I could be able to watch this film again and enjoy the ideas and theories explored.With great meaning comes great misunderstanding. Many may not understand and many may choose to stay ignorant, but this film is -in the simplest of terms- beautiful.Interstellar was a bit complicated and lengthy, but I enjoyed it. Some of the science was flawed, while some of it was reasonably realistic. Ultimately, it was an entertaining story, inspiring about the amazing possibilities awaiting humanity on the far frontiers of outer space. My favorite aspect of the movie was the depiction of several potentially habitable planets. These alien worlds were brought to life in a believable and visually stunning way. They really inspire thinking about the possibilities. I also enjoyed the human side of the story. Matthew McConaughey plays scientist turned farmer Cooper, who begins to realize his children's future is dimmer than he realized, and time is running out for planet Earth. He makes the great personal sacrifice of leaving his young children behind as he goes out into space on a dangerous mission to search for a habitable alternate world for humanity. His mission is a last ditch effort to find a solution for the long term survival of his children--and everyone else on Earth. His heartbroken daughter Murph spends years waiting for him to come back, while growing up to become a scientist herself who works relentlessly toward the solution for humanity's survival. Ultimately, Murph is the one who succeeds in finding a solution to save humanity from extinction, while her father gets forgotten as the years go by. And yet, he is still out there trying to survive and get home to her. When he finally does return, against all odds, he finds Murph still alive but on her deathbed, surrounded by her children and grandchildren, while he himself is still young and unchanged from how she remembers him, because of weird quantum science in the storyline. He gets to say goodbye to her and make peace with what has happened. Then, he gets to go find his surviving astronaut partner Brand (played by Anne Hathaway) left behind on one of the planets and try to start over on an Eden world. Interstellar relied heavily on stretching the limits of science and creating some miracles, in order to make all the amazing things that took place happen. Nevertheless, it was a hopeful story with some hair-raising suspense, inspiring possibilities, interesting drama, several unexpectedly suspenseful action scenes, and a beautiful against-the-odds happy ending.'Interstellar' looks good, but, in keeping with Christopher Nolan's signature style, it's overlong and pretentious. McConaughey gives an emotional performance, and Caine does a good job with what little he's given, but there's too much focus on trying to appear deep and not enough actual depth. Plus, after all of its emphasis on being so grounded, it suddenly decides to get overly sentimental in the third act.Amazing! This epic is the closest any film has ever come to '2001: A Space Odyssey', the greatest of science fiction films. In fact, I would say this '2001' but with a heart. McConaughey follows up his Academy Award-winning work in 'Dallas Buyers Club' with one of his best performances ever. The rest of the cast is also stellar, standouts are Jessica Chastain and Bill Irwin. But it's the father-daughter story that makes 'Interstellar' tickIf you have a daughter then you can relate. It's not overly complex as some might say it is.Requires a willing suspension of disbelief - with that you have an entertaining and interesting movie.Loved it, completely mindblown by the atmosphere.A phenomenal modern day masterpiece with one of the best soundtracks I ve heard. The most coherent Nolan film I have seen . Mind bending subtle thought provoking piece about our world and are gargantuan universe .Pure misery. How do you get so many BIG stars to sign up for such a crappy story?After seeing The Prestige, Inception, Batman trilogy, I had a great expectation in my mind before going to watch INTERSTELLAR in theater. For the past record all the movies blown me away and made Nolan in my favorite director's list. Knowing it's the first NOLAN movie i had watched in big screen and i am proud to share. I don't want to classify this movie under science fiction its more than that. It has emotions, love, adventure, mystery. Nolan took the best capable and needed casts for the movie, Mathew's emotional sequence, Anne Hathaway's journey for her love above horizon amazed me. Dialogues are unforgettable apart from the story it makes us think of it even in our reality life. This the first movie i have watched 7 times (apart from theater 2 times). Visually this movie is a treat for fiction lovers, Nolan with the scientific consultant KIP THORNE gave life to the imaginations, especially for the Gargantua appearance and no more to say it already had its Oscar. Music: Hans Zimmer played lovely music which is ultimately at its best for the movie in inch by inch scenes. Every sounds is perfectly connected with the movie in every way that carries you into the movie. From the beginning i am having suspicious thought of the ghost asking myself is it a ghost movie? Mystery?? The plot started due to the earth's changes that is unfit for the human to survive unnoticeable by most of them denoting us that our earth's life graph is started raging downwards in real time. And there are people still sacrificing their whole life for the world to be safe and sound for the survival of humanity. Presence of TARS and CASE with amusing chemistry between Mathew and Tars is lovable. I must say there are some visuals and sequences i am totally awe full for 1. Into the wormhole sequence 2. The endurance flight traveling appearance 3. Visual of alien planets 4. High waves because of Gargantua gravity 5. Depiction of a black-hole 6. Docking scene with Endurance 7. Appearance of future multi dimensional cube inside the black hole 8. And this scene when u came to know that the ghost is cooper and he is the one who sends the message co-ordinates and simultaneously in the earth Murphy deciphers that mystery and solves. NOLAN SHOWED his thing and i must say EVERY adjective words in the world and still out of words to describe this scene and in theater i screamed the hell out of me in my native language. Thanks to JONATHAN NOLAN for this Epic story and CHRISTOPHER NOLAN for giving life to the story. YES! the ending with the beginning of the FUTURE! leaving us to ask lots of questions to ourselves. IT'S the TOUCH of the CHRISTOPHER NOLAN. Don't care of anything Just feel the love that made everything happen in the movie, and don't care of the unknown, it's always good something to be unknown. PRAISE THE LOVE! of NOLAN's style. I must admit i had tears in my eyes!Best movie of the year!!!!Chastain's acting is horrendous. Reminiscent of Inception. Not completely satisfying how it wraps up but an incredible ride.With a concept such as Interstellar's, the movie does a solid in delivering telling such a complicated story.Christopher Nolan is my favourite director and never fails to bring out another classic. This film has perfect pacing, brilliant acting, a mind-bending story and terrific science to back it up. This is one of my favourite films and it manages to give me goose bumps every time! You will need to watch this mind blowing film more than once to fully understand the perplexity of the science behind Nolan's story as it may be confusing at first but once to you understand it you will love it. I guarantee you every time you watch this you will observe something new and love it even more.A terribly underrated Sci-Fi space drama that's Christopher Nolan's most ambitious film yet. The best part, and there are a lot of good parts, is easily the relationship between Cooper and his daughter Murph. The message this film sends is more than just people saying words it is the drive to survive and that has never been displayed better than here. The visuals are immersive and make the screen look like its real. the score is perfect for the movie even if it isn't your typical space scoreI wanted to dislike this movie but by the end the movie had me hooked. Still do not know who "they" are.Interstellar opens another world of thinking. After watching no one can help but wonder about the possibilities of traveling to other stars. Amongst provoking long lasting afterthoughts, the film provides an emotional connection between the character and the audience. Interstellar is a science fiction movie everyone should see as it provides a slight glimpse into the future and a rich plot while mixed with Hans Zimmerman's beautiful score .You are not going to find me criticizing Christopher Nolan too often. If I had to choose, I would choose him as my favorite director at the moment. I like every single one of his films, a lot. I think he is a brilliant film maker and story teller. I like how Nolan plays with the viewers eyes and head and makes them thing, and makes them pay attention and make sense of things that are going on. But there actually comes a point when too complicated is not good. When the audience leaves the theatre not knowing what the hell they just watched, that is not something you should be striving for. Sure, the effects and the action sequences were all spectacular and breathtaking. The acting was really good as well. But the story, my god, I enjoyed myself watching the movie because the beauty of the movie was awesome, but I truly had absolutely no idea what was really going on the entire time. I had some idea, but not really if that makes any sense. Interstellar was so complicated that I find myself not wanting to watch it again to try to understand it. I usually have a desire to understand a movie that I did not really click with the first time. But not this one. I think Inception was as far as he should go with getting complicated, because on the surface in the end it was a pretty basic concept to understand. This movie on the other hand is just way too intelligent. Maybe if you work for NASA you may understand what the hell is going on, but for the average Friday date night movie, not a chance. I think he tried to outsmart himself on this one, and he needs to keep it a little more simple from now on.Fully expected to not like this movie but really enjoyed itif u don't like this movie you probably think the moon landing was fakeThis film is so weird it talks about his daughter having a ghost but that ghost turns out to be his future self, you can't help but be intrigued by it. It's a Sci-Fi/Super natural type movie. If you like suspenseful movies then this is the movie for you.You are not going to find me criticizing Christopher Nolan too often. If I had to choose, I would choose him as my favorite director at the moment. I like every single one of his films, a lot. I think he is a brilliant film maker and story teller. I like how Nolan plays with the viewers eyes and head and makes them thing, and makes them pay attention and make sense of things that are going on. But there actually comes a point when too complicated is not good. When the audience leaves the theatre not knowing what the hell they just watched, that is not something you should be striving for. Sure, the effects and the action sequences were all spectacular and breathtaking. The acting was really good as well. But the story, my god, I enjoyed myself watching the movie because the beauty of the movie was awesome, but I truly had absolutely no idea what was really going on the entire time. I had some idea, but not really if that makes any sense. Interstellar was so complicated that I find myself not wanting to watch it again to try to understand it. I usually have a desire to understand a movie that I did not really click with the first time. But not this one. I think Inception was as far as he should go with getting complicated, because on the surface in the end it was a pretty basic concept to understand. This movie on the other hand is just way too intelligent. Maybe if you work for NASA you may understand what the hell is going on, but for the average Friday date night movie, not a chance. I think he tried to outsmart himself on this one, and he needs to keep it a little more simple from now on.Demasiado pretenciosa, pero aguanta.I loved the emotion in this movie. There were some highly unrealistic things going on though. The story was inconsistent with a bit of unnecessary parts, but all in all worth watching but not buying.First of all, it is incredibly beautiful to watch. Honestly, it was so beautiful that I felt like I was sucked into the movie. The way Nolan decided to show some scenes really remind me of2001 A Space Odyssey. We can feel the talent ofChristopher Nolan, just by looking at the way it is filmed. The techniques he used contribute to create that visual environment in a believable way. The sound environment is just mesmerizing These two important parts create a stunning atmosphereThen, of course, the cast. First of all, Matthew McConaughey. He is just what was needed to feel the human part of the story. He is capable of making us feel so many different emotions all along the story, as a father, as a human. Anne Hathaway was very convincing, all together the actors managed toreate some harmony, which makes the human interactions credible. Caine, Chastaing and Affleck are a perfect choic My rating for this movie can be 5. Just go for it, without a second thought?All the black hole/theories of relativity/time stuff was over my head but it was an engaging movie.Interstellar is another masterpiece; the type of fantastic movie that I've come to expect from Christopher Nolan. This movie represents the very best of science fiction, with more emphasis on the science than the fiction.A fascinating Sci-Fi flick from the mind of Christopher Nolan that is very well written, thought out, filmed and performed. Nolan builds suspense and pulls you into the story. If you can follow the story, and the concepts being talked about/explored, then kudos to you! You average everyday joe might have a hard time following the story and concepts. Interstellar is a plethora of theoretical physic concepts being tested. There is even quite a bit of socail commentary going on. Chastain, Hathaway, McConaughey, Caine, and even Matt Damon are a stellar class in itself. I totally recommend this film!I don't think I fully understand half of what happened in this movie, but it was still very well done and held my interest despite being nearly 3 hours long.Incredibly complex and multidimensional. Absolutely enthralling.Cara, genial! Christopher Nolan mano, recusa apresentações. É impressionante a capacidade de fazer ouro com as próprias câmeras que esse homem tem. Com Interestelar, não podia ser diferente. Um tema muito complicado para se adaptar a qualquer história, Nolan utiliza-se de uma premissa batida mas que sempre rende boas reflexões. A Terra está cada vez mas inabitável, e a raça humana busca alternativas de sobrevivência. Pensando nisso, a NASA envia exploradores espaciais com o objetivo de descobrir planetas habitáveis, uma parada meio Wall-E só que fitness. Depois de um tempo, só 3 desses exploradores sinalizaram que seus respectivos planetas eram habitáveis. A NASA então decide lançar a Missão Lázaro, que consistia em enviar uma nova equipe de expedição para avaliar qual planeta seria a nova Terra. Essa minha explicação ficou meio furreca, mas viagens tridimensionais e buracos negros são umas paradas tão doidas que me perdoar acaba não sendo trabalho nenhum pra você. O filme é mostrado no ponto de vista de Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), um ex-piloto da NASA que decide voltar para garantir a sobrevivência de sua filha. E é nessa relação de pai e filha que orbita a história - haha, orbita, entendeu? Planetas, espaços, órbitas.... ok - Se Murph (Mackenzie Poy/Jessica Chanstein/Ellen Burstyn) não tivesse avisado a Coop sobre o seu "fantasma", nada seria possível. Outra coisa que não é possível é não viajar com as teorias apresentadas no filme. Te desafio a ver esse filme e não pensar, por um segundo se quer, em abandonar o planeta e viver de boa como um mochileiro intergalático pegando carona na nave dos outros. Outros temas como a solidão também se mostram presentes no filme, como não poderia faltar né. Cara, quando se trata de Christopher Nolan você não tem que ler avaliação de terceiros pra decidir se vai assistir ou não, você apenas assiste. Provavelmente no final você não vai entender absolutamente nada, então assiste de novo só pra ter certeza. "Eu não tenho medo da morte. Tenho medo do tempo."If you don't like it, you probably just aren't smart enough to understand the science behind it. This is my favorite space movie. This is my favorite Nolan movie. This is my favorite movie till date.Visually exhilarating, great performance by Matthew McConaughey, impressive direction by Christopher Nolan, and extremely thrilling at times. But, the last 15 minutes of the film was boring and seemed unnecessary, the scientific explanations are more complicated than beneficial to the movie, and the plot was jumping all over the place without real or any explanations to why certain things happen.Visually stunning and thought provoking film. McConaughey is amazing yet again, great performances throughout from an exceptional cast.Just loved it good storyThis movie is great finally saw it amazing I hope there is a sequel. Great castAbsolutely amazing film I have seen thousands of movies I try to watch every movie I possibly can. This is in the top 3 of those movies!I thought it was a great movie. I love Matthew McConaughey as an actor and he did a great job. I thought the plot was believable as long as you went with it. My only criticism was it was a little long too and that's it.At times, Interstellar has a stellar quality to it. The underlying plot about the very real possibility that the characters may never see their families again is incredibly emotional. The NASA astronauts and the worlds they visit feel exceptionally real, creating one of the most believable space movies ever created. However, it also has some stellar problems. The plot can be very confusing at times, and missing one line of dialogue among pages of scientific jargon can lose the viewer. While the physics is all very nicely calculated and helps to build realism, it does make dialogue scenes drag on far too long. While the alien worlds are beautiful, the Earth scenes leave a lot to be desired. Although no exact date is mentioned, the story is implied to take place in a far, dystopian future when the world is suffering from deadly sandstorms and the US government is actively suppressing scientific knowledge. However, the world we see is the same world we see today. No effort has been made to make Earth seem futuristic. The houses are ordinary and the vehicles are straight off a used car lot. Even by the end of the movie, which is implied to be about 100 years later than we began, the space station interior still looks exactly like modern America. Did society just stop? Were there really no new products designed after 2014? One thing we do see is automated tractors, which are just modern tractors with their cabins covered in a repeating metal pattern. In itself that is a very pointless design choice, as under full automation there would be no need for any cabin, but if the cabin exists for human operators, they simply won't be able to see out of it. There are also military robots such as TARS, which are articulated steel blocks with screens of code on them. Considering that they only perform calculations or tasks normally done by humans, they seem like a horribly impractical design. As you can probably tell, I'm an industrial design student and part-time engineer, so this stuff bothers me more than it probably bothers most. Otherwise the movie is great, even if the pacing is very slow at times.This movie is for the adventurer, theologian, and the treky. Good acting, suspenseful plot, and a complete movie experience that may make you question the what ifs of life all over again.Turned out to be a good movie, even tho the last 1/4 was a little trippy/bizarre. I'm always a little reluctant to embark on movies longer than 2.5hrs... And this one did start slow, but McConaughey was quite engaging in the film (even tho I'm not a huge fan of his...). Visuals were great, pace was good after first 20m, story stayed interesting... It did seem a little long, and some of the suspenseful scenes seemed drawn out (like they just wanted us to enjoy the intense music...). Overall, worth seeing, even with the odd ending.Way too complicated!Absolutely brilliant. One of the best time investments you'll make in the world of cinema.wow. that was some deep science nerd shit. very awesome.Look, maybe some of the science is off but overall this is a great movie. It ties quantum mechanics, love, time-travel, the fate of humanity and drama all into one story. It's the very antithesis of Kubrick's emotionless, hermetic 2001: A Space Odyssey. This is a sci-fi movie with a heart, that makes interstellar travel (mostly) explicable to a layperson. While many say it's not technically accurate, I contend that since we don't yet know the inner workings of space-time travel, it very well could be. We don't know. Also it's a movie so maybe suspend some of your disbelief instead of looking for something to pick apart from your throne. The acting and cinematography are top-notch and overall this movie is definitely worth seeing. Also Hans Zimmer's score is amazing, yet again. He and Nolan agreed they needed to completely reinvent their approach after the Batman trilogy and they did. And it's excellent.Christopher Nolan never seems to disappoint with his movies. Interstellar is the best movie I've seen in 2015! This movie was a thrilling and intellectual space exploration adventure that does not shy away from difficult scientific theories as a fundamental part of the story. As daunting as that might sound, the ideas are explained adequately and in short, simple terms. Interstellar has great special effects and cinematography with good performances. And who wouldn't love to see so many famous actors piled into one movie?I must admit that I am still digesting a single viewing of Interstellar. Given the depth of its ideas I will likely be digesting it for a while. In a lot of ways Interstellar reminds me of the film "Contact", with its mix of science and spirituality and its interest in asking some big life questions. The difference between the two films though is that where Contact left us with unanswered questions (purposefully utilizing the faith/doubt tension), Nolan is interested in fleshing the questions out on a larger scale, both visually, ideologically and in the pace and length of the film itself. Perhaps there are better comparisons to "2001" when speaking of the sheer depth and scope that Nolan brings to this project. There is a similar trajectory to both films in this sense, and one could logically assume that there is some degree of influence at play here. And yet the two films take different approaches to the story itself, with Interstellar seemingly a bit more interested in bringing together it's grand and creative process in an accessible fashion (as a Hollywood film). Even further yet we catch some glimpses of "Gravity" in this film, primarily in the way the story brings together it's two main characters (Matthew M. And Anne Hathaway), and certainly in the way the onscreen chemistry develops accordingly. The science of the film is about the nature of Quantum Physics and Blackholes and multiple dimensions. The earth (and the population) is dying off, and a quest has begun to save humanity by colonizing a new planet. The search of course is for a planet that could possibly be habitable for human kind, a search that has now become possible through new theories and technology (that includes long term deep sleep units) that enables a much more expansive journey across time and space. The science is likely to be deemed pseudo-science (even being a reach at that in terms of plausibility for those who hold to a more hard and fast approach to science). But the nature of this sort of science is to allow for questions that other scientific processes might not be willing, interested or aware to ask. The film embraces this and uses it to give all kinds of wonderful layers and introspection to the story itself. At it's heart this is a very human story, even as it asks us to get lost in some of the difficult scientific premise. The film is absolutely beautiful to watch in terms of its stark visuals, the intimate shots of space, and the the creative imagining of the planets. It uses the space motif to really amp up the thrill of space travel for the viewer, and as the film progresses it simply gets more intense. The relationships are also very interesting to watch unfold. While the robot stands as an amazing technological feat (seamlessly integrated as a character), where the film carries forward is in the family dynamics of Cooper (Matthew M.), and the twists and turns that we find in the relationships of the crew. Here the film explores the human need to survive, the mystery of love as a motivator, the ties that bond us across time and space, the lies and surprises that make trusting such a volatile process. While Interstellar, as I mentioned above, is the kind of film that sticks with long after it is over, it proves equally rewarding in the moment. It is as much a thriller as it is a sci-fi drama. It is as much a "sit on the edge of your seat" experience as it is a patient (and overly patient for some I admit) character drama. It is lengthy, but I never found i dull. It is slow, but I never found it dragging. The one place where I felt unsure was in whether the film took its own ideas too far. The beauty of Contact was that it brought out the questions without feeling the need to answer them or tie up the movie. Interstellar is far from tidy and clear in it's own conclusions, but it certainly takes the time to play out it's own ideas far past our own questions. But this is a small criticism of a film which, in the end, I very much enjoyed.Interstellar is a great movie without any knowledge of physics or math. But when you look deeper into what it is actually trying to do, it's fascinating! It plays/tests Einstein's theories and it dares to have the explorers travel through a wormhole (a shortcut in space) in order to find other worlds where life could exist. This is necessary since there's a food shortage on Earth and this is why they are sent on this mission. The idea of being close to a black hole is crazy. In fact there's a part in the movie where one hour in that specific place/planet equates to seven years passing on Earth (due to the closeness to the black hole). And as if that were not cool enough, McConaughey exits the wormhole into a tesseract (hypercube, like a cube in fourth dimensional space)...how cool is that?! The connection Matthew McConaughey has with his daughter is great, just like the acting. The last 15 minutes of the movie are sad but it makes sense after so much time has gone by on Earth. The movie Gravity doesn't even come close to this one, I give it 9/10 or 4.5/5 GREAT!!!Great movie and love the storyhorrible waste of time and moneyOn the planet Gargantua, 1 hour is equivalent to 7 Earth years. By extension, we can extrapolate this ratio whereby 3 hours of 'Interstellar' the film feels like 21 human years languishing on my sofa watching it. Time, sadly, I'll never get back.A film that often had me enthralled, aghast but occasionally with my head in my hands. The film takes place on the juxtaposition between science and sentimentality and it is the latter which is at the heart of the film. The two often worked well hand-in-hand but disappointingly veered towards silliness in its conclusion. I had issues with the pacing of the film, particularly the opening act which dragged a little too long. Matt Damon's appearance was a waste of time and opened up a loophole that one could drive a bus through. The script was clunky at times, explaining what a worm hole is as the ship approaches it is one such example of this. It certainly was able to create an emotional attachment with the characters and overall, I would say the good in this film outweighs the bad.http://cinephilecrocodile.blogspot.co.uk/2015/10/interstellar-dir-christopher-nolan-2014.htmlI feel like Nolan successfully merged Spielberg and KubrickFairly enjoyable but pretty confusingBetter than average but far from the extraordinaryA beautiful sci-fi epic. It is dependent on scientific theories that can be a little too far fetched at times, but remains beautiful nonetheless. Nolan's best film visually to date.Breathtaking in its scope, emotionally intense. Very difficult not to associate one's personal experiences and determinations in life with this movie.Wow confused after all of this... Umm... Wow. Oh its Christopher Nolan... Ohhhh!Nolan puts it all together in this sweeping intergalactic epic that at its core is less about the universe than it is about a father and a daughter.Interstellar is one of the few movies, where you can leave the theater and have no idea wether or not you liked what you saw.Great movie that challenges our present with sound science.My Grading Scale: 100-90= Top-notch, must see 80-90=Good Movie, guaranteed entertainment 80-70=Some flaws, but still above average 70-60=Strictly average, missing major qualities 60-50=Don't bother watching Score: 80 Verdict: Novel and creative story with strong scientific and emotional aspects driving this thematic, VFX-epic spectacleAnother amazing achievement from Chris Nolan film library. Visually stunning and beautifully acted. All of this is common in most of Nolan's films, but themes like multi dimensional universes and time relativity just makes this movie worth watching again and again. Those deep scientific themes is what makes this movie not your typical late night flick.One of the best movies ever made.Very good movie. Even though it was long-running, it kept us begging for more. One of my favorite films of the decade and it shows that Christopher Nolan never gives up. Liked it more than gravity.A brave movie, Nolan keeps reinventing his cinema, another masterpiece from him: in the first half the movie builds up perfectly to explode in the second. A must see.The main reason to watch it is because of good special effects (especially simulation of black hole). The plot isn't so bad, but there is no thrilling moments for me. Good to watch if someone is interested in science (like reading news, articles about it).I thought this movie was amazing and beautifully done! Matthew did such an amazing acting job!For the edge of your seat, hold your breath but do not realize it, captivated, completely immersed feeling of entertainment we all seek... this film has it all!Well, if you are a fan of the science fiction genre, 10 will not be enough for you to rate this movie. I am a fan somewhat, but I also get a bit "down" when it comes to thinking about the endless of the universe and our ultimate fate, dying. I have always watched such movies with great anticipation but always felt a bit bad in the end, thinking all of this. Well, this movie had it all. It was about a really really serious problem, the actual fatality of the entire human race. What can be worse than that? I enjoyed the acting of all actors involved with no exceptions. Matthew McConaughey is "on fire" for a couple of years now and he just picked it up from there. It was an amazing performance. The concept was so nice and interesting, the script was awesome and the way it was presented it was so captivating that I found myself wanting the movie to continue so that I would see what will happen with Mathew and the astronaut-lady! It seemed too long a movie, but with all the storyline being firm and exciting, it really did not feel like that long, despite the fact that it was. The ending was a bit difficult to come in terms with and consider it plausible, but in the end it was one of these nice endings that you come to appreciate. The power of the final scenes of the movie was actually immense. Seeing his daughter at this age, talking to her and touching her, was really really breathtaking. It was a movie to remember and I do hope that there could be a way for a sequel and then a prequel, etc. Many things are left unexplained about how we reached that point. It could be a prequel... Just throwing the idea out there... Overall, a movie that challenges your intellect, your basic instincts, everything. It's a must-see movie folks...Was good, but there were too many jump scares. Then it had a horribly confusing deus ex machina endingthe best film that i have never seen.Interstellar did what so many films I've seen recently have failed to do - it moved me. I was crying uncontrollably by the end of the movie, because so many emotions had built up over the course of the film. First and foremost, the movie was about a father making the incredibly difficult decision to abandon his two young children for the sake of going on a journey to save humanity. Over the course of the film, we see the toll this decision takes on him as well as his family. The acting is superb, not only from Matthew McConaughey as Cooper but also the actresses who play his daughter, Murphy. I am not a scientist so I can't speak to how accurate the physics of the space travel were, but visually it was amazing. Dizzying at times, and also eerily quiet and disoreientying. If there is one negative for me, it is Anne Hathaway's character, who has some of the most stilted dialogue in the film and makes some really bizarre decisions. She says some lines that I can't imagine anyone would say in real life, especially given what we know of her character. The soundtrack is fantastic, which is another plus.There are some interesting ideas here and it looks fantastic, the sound track is very effective and atmospheric too, but it suffers from the usual Nolan pitfalls, of too much exposition, clunky plotting (everything is explained with clunky dialogue with scientific woodenness)and the usual smugness. Its like a mix of all the great sci-fi films of the last 50 years especially, Silent Running, Dark Star, 2001: A Space Odyssey, (which a lot of critics compared it too - unfairly - upon release), Solaris, Danny Boyle's Sunshine and even Disney's the Black Hole, which to be honest made me want to watch all of those again.Nolan makes a good movie.Intelligent,puzzling and beautifull.There is something missing and the movie is too long for an excellent result!Thought provoking, but extremely emotionally frustrating and overly long. Watch '2001' instead.Another grandiloquent movie from Christoper Nolan. The cast is good, and McConaughey performs a role made for himself. The photography is very nice but the movie commits all the same mistakes than previous Nolan's movies. I think mistakes but it may be that they are the points Nolan fans enjoy the most ... * The story makes you believe it is a realy deeply thought plot but, in the end, it has so basic mistakes and stupidities that make it nonsensical. * There is a general ambience of every moment being epic; deep, solemn and smart dialogues but, at some point our highly trained engineer and pilot behaves really stupidly. * To keep the mentioned constant feeling of being in an epic moment, Nolan uses a thumping and insistent soundtrack. As it is not a moment, but a 3h movie, it is really tiresome. All in all, the movie is OK but you can only think this is a great movie if you are a real Nolan fan.A thrilling, visual and somewhat emotional experience. It is flawed of course but the film's large scope and Christopher Nolan's vision is very hard to ignoreWonderful visuals and a decent enough story even if the science is a little loose.Every time I'd think 'this must be the ending' Nolan pulled the rug out but as a whole,pretty entertaining.salright yeah. But as an avid film goer, I really wanted more space boobs. There weren't any space boobs and frankly I want my money back. What's the point of getting rid of gravity if we can't see amazing boob physics? 1/11 - Certified unfresh.INTERSTELLAR is a so-so story elevated by incredible cinematic artistry. Nolan evolves visually as a director, and he is in full control of his craft. It may get a bit exposition heavy, and a tad forced with its Spielbergian emotions, but more often than not I was simply wrapped up in its visual storytelling and technical attributes. Hans Zimmer's original score is absolutely breathtaking and induces chills, the cinematography is jaw-droppingly beautiful, and the sound design will make your bones tremble. This may not be the modern scifi classic that it could have been, but it's entertaining and takes the viewer on quite a journey.Decent movie until the ridiculous gimmicky ending brings the movie down to a below average overall rating.after second watch.... its definitely sci-fi masterpieceI love Nolan (except for Inception for some reason) and have just started to love the modern day McConaughey - and they blend perfectly. The depiction of a possible future we actually never have seen before grabbed me from the start and I was hooked. But then, the ending came, and it sucked. To be fair I should have seen it comming, but it ruined everything. The first 2/3 or 3/4 are amazing though, rendering it an enjoyable film, migh very well rewatch soon just to see that part again. 4-4,5 stars without the ending, 3 with it.This rating might shock some of you, but no one was more shocked than I to discover that I really liked this movie.  Well, at least the first 3/4 of it.  Overall, it's an extremely well done science fiction film with a deeply human story, perhaps the most emotional and heartfelt sci-fi film I have ever seen.  At the same time, there are some thought-provoking concepts explored here that are expressed in a way that is pretty fascinating.  It's not every day you get a movie with those two seemingly paradoxical elements so well blended.  The direction is on-point, as always with Christopher Nolan at the helm, and despite McConaughey's constant whispering and invasion of others' personal space, he did a good job carrying the film.  I was wary of the length, but I found it to be well-paced and never got bored.  Of course, being sci-fi, most of the circumstances are preposterous and sometimes unintentionally funny (the worst offender being the hilariously ridiculous ship robot, who I kept expecting to yell "Danger, Will Robinson!"), but the script packs the dialogue with a ton of technical jargon to try to hide all that so you just go with it.  And go with it, I did... until the last 30 minutes.  Then it just goes completely bizzarro and your suspension of disbelief comes to a screeching halt.  And then there is the denouement which leaves so much unexplained, it's an insult to the audience.  Somehow we are supposed to believe the hokey positive ending, because wormholes blahbitty blahbitty gravity and time yadda yadda SPACE.  Gimme a break.  It really had a good thing going here, too bad they couldn't think of how to wrap this great story up nicely and just kicked it in the balls instead.  If it weren't for the ending, my rating would have been much higher.  This movie reached for the stars but unfortunately, it fell just a little short.Very imaginative with lots of action and romance included. Lots of speculation about space / time travel and cool special effects.amazing movie one of the best movies not at allLooks and sounds amazing and quite frankly I would expect nothing less with the talent and budget involved. However I simply did not care about anyone in the film, not even planet Earth. Matt always has an endearing nature and his character pulls on the obvious heartstrings but that is about it. I have no idea if the science is legit but it really does not matter, it is a piece of fiction not a documentary, although the final section does enter the, "What! But...How?"I feel that it is important to note that I try to rate films as soon as possible after watching it in a new Google form that I created. The reason that I feel that I need to specify this is because I have two films rated 8.3, one is Interstellar and the other is 2001: A Space Odyssey. In the long run will Christopher Nolan's film hold up next to 2001 after a few other viewings? Probably not, but it may. I will say that while watching the movie I was thinking about 2001 during several scenes so there is some interesting serendipity in their ratings. Interstellar tells the story of a dying world that needs an option to carry the human race forward. The acting was aces, every one involved did their job very well. Christopher Nolan and his brother Jonathan wrote a wonderful story. Those are important parts to any film. What makes Interstellar truly special is that the film was conceived originally by producer Lynda Obst and theoretical physicist Kip Thorne (who previously worked on Contact) so the science was there before the Hollywood influence. Are there themes and ideas that stretch your imagination? Absolutely. Is it perfect? No. Will you cry? Probably. Is it worth it? Yes.Possible one os the greatest movies over and i'm very hard to please when it's about sci-fi movies or movies in generalI respect this film a lot, mostly because of the performances. But not sure about some of the plot holes, which makes it hard to give this more than 3 stars.Terrible pacing and editing. Like every Nolan movie, it inflates a weak plot by dragging its feet for three hours of beautiful visuals with no substance. How they solved the crisis on Earth is never actually addressed. Matthew McConaughey just sends his daughter a bunch of numbers from space and the next time we see her she's solved the world's problems. Okay, but, explain how. Time travel? Massive plot holes?85% is bullshit. This film is as close to perfection as has ever been put on a screen.Snoozefest, until Matt show up.A true spectacle of cinema that demands not to be seen, but experienced. The ending leaves some to be desired, but it's more than made up for seeing the vistas of space and alien planets, Hans Zimmer's beautiful score, and some incredibly emotional scenes. Had the ending been better, this would be one of my favorite movie, but as is, it's still phenomenal,Very interesting concept. But anti-climactic for the most part, Alot of build up for little result.Emotionally invested and absolutely beautiful. Nolans's latest movie pushes the boundaries of modern CGI as well as also giving us a rich, enthralling story with heartwarming(as well as heartbreaking) scenes.Inspiring sci-fi treatment for your eyes and ears, but not much for brains.Unpopular opinion: The plot becomes pure Oscar-bait an hour in. Soundtrack and sound-mixing are just terrible. Pretty and scary first planet. Way to poorly rip-off Kubrick, Tarkovsky and even Boyle.The most irritant film that Nolan could ever directed. Mcconaughey is a goddamn android and Hathaway is the typical crying girlThere's spectacular settings throughout, but it's emphasis on questions what life and death is about at both the personal and universal levels is its greatest achievement.Loved this film. Christopher Nolan hasn't disappointed me, yet. Loved just about everything about it. Yes, I know it has its detractors and I've read many a negative review. I don't care. If it didn't hit you emotionally, that's fine. Doesn't mean it won't impact others, and it certainly did me. I thought the acting was very good, for the most part, and the special effects were amazing. I do have a couple of quibbles with the story, but not enough to hamper my enjoyment. I regret that I didn't see it on the big screen.Another great film from Christopher Nolan. A beautiful film to look at with great performances, script and makes you think. A lot of questions are asked when its over. Maybe too many but it's a film you won't forget five minutes after leaving the theater.Plodding, pretentious, maudlin, simultaneously over explicated and incoherent, Interstellar is typical Nolan; it's an overwrought gargantuan machine that recites poetry because it can't visualize it and contrives human emotion because it can't sincerely evoke it.It's taken me nearly a year to see this since its theatrical release, but it was worth the wait, and possibly made the near running time of 3 hours more comfortable seeing it at home. Really loved it. Showing humanity at both its best and worst, across our scope for reason, belief, selfishness and self sacrifice, set to possibilities and hardships we rarely dare to dream about created so well as a film in every respect. Especially Hans Zimmer's score.The most interesting part of the film is Hathaway's portrayal of the physicist's daughter Brand. The Nolans did a competent job making a very derivative movie exciting. Hathaway must have been cast in the film partially because of her prior association with Nolan in The Dark Night Also Rises, which was very impressive as well.Visually stunning sci fi blockbuster. Two explorers are sent into space in a mission to save humanity.This blend mixture of American family love and astrophysics is some kind of an attempt in unexplainable alien mystery, when an alien universe acts like a hidden tiny microphone - a bug - listening to the private lives of humanity in a multicultural world called Earth. A wormhole leaves it's alien signature behind, almost like a giant satellite with an infinite complexity of memory data storage of every captured record of human individual and voice, even though the audience has only witnessed the memory records of one human being and his time-trapped surroundings, his reactions with his daughter and crew ::It blew me away... definitely one of the best films of all timeThe stupidest movie in the history of stupid. At each point in the plot, every character seems to manage to make worse decisions than a demented turkey. And don't get me started on the science.I didn't exspect much and I was really suprised. Exceptional writing, complex plot and great acting. Breathtaking.Once again, Christopher Nolan has done it again. Now I would'nt call this an action movie, but it is sci-fi. It's better than american sniper AKA the worst movie ever besides Alvin and the chipmunks chipwreck(?).Simply epic, best sci-fi movie i've ever seen...This movie is close to being a masterpiece in my book but the ending pissed me off. Great story. Relativity is terrifying. When they go in the wormhole I almost cried. This movie left me breathless a few times.Masterpiece , Stupid critics are useless .One of the best sci-fi films ever made. This is an excellent film in every way. This should've won Best Picture last year, so the fact that it wasn't even nominated should be some kind of crime.The critics rating does not do this film justice ! It is up there with one of the greatest films made , how it didn't get a nomination for an Oscar is beyond me. The affects are so good and clear and the story line is heart hard to follow like most of Nolan's films but amazing . Must watch at least twice to truly appreciate . Great film.Ã? regarder, dans mon top 5 des meilleurs film de Sci-Fi.Way too much mush about love transcending gravity or other "laws of the galaxy". These corny overdone cliches came at inconvenient times. The length of the film was unwarranted. Great soundtrack gave it some redemptionThis is one of the most ridiculous and poorly thought out films that I have ever seen. Actually, it is the most poorly thought out film I have ever seen, not just one of them. In that sense, I suppose it wins something. The plot holes in this film are astounding, there are more plot holes than not. Nothing makes proper sense. It feels like a director wanted to put together a movie and got to use all the ideas he had in his first draft brainstorming session. Needless to say, I do not recommend this movie and I would like to save anyone else the three hours of their life that they would have to waste on this. You just can't get that time back and I learned that the hard way.An incredible experience in the theaters,and another welcome addition to Nolan's great track record.A really good watch. I felt as though the cast was superb. A wonderful attention to detail, and an epic soundtrack. The somewhat cliche ending was (to me) the only reason this did not get a perfect score from myselfInterstellar one of the best films I have seen for years, I marvelled, I cried, I laughed and I didn't want it to end. Incredible thought provoking film about Human Races survival. A must watch.This has to be Nolan's most ambitious film. It's not just a disaster movie, it's a thoughtful sci-fi that has a Stanley Kubrick's 2001: a Space Odyssey vibe to it. Even though I though the spaceships were too elaborate looking. The cast isn't bad, but it's McConaughe that holds it all together. He proves he deserved a best actor Oscar. Most of all, the film has heart.This was a visually amazing and cool story!!! a lot more action that I thought and very well done, when dealing with black holes.I read a tweet shortly after this movie was released. It described Interstellar as "Massive". This is Interstellar in a word. In the theater, the musical score was so loud, so fittingly loud! Well done, hats off to all involved.If you know anything about science, Try not to see this. Impressive, Interesting followed by. Hey lets just make up some shit and tie it all together while shitting over all over physics and cosmology. The "monoculture farming" back story could of been interesting, But I guess they had some brainstrain trying to figure out how to explain it. The painfully lame "wormhole" explanation felt like the History channel attempting to explain it to school children from Alabama.WAY TOO CONFUSING!!! But action filled. I thought this would be a 5 star but I guess not. The Martian is better.Wow what a visually stunning movie. I was lost at times but got the ending.Osea, el que pago pa verla en supercines, vale verga por no verla en IMAX...I had doubts about forfeiting two hours and forty-nine minutes of my life to Christopher Nolan's Hollywood blockbuster "Interstellar", but I was pleasantly surprised by the gripping-yet-slow-paced unravelling (through space-time) of this science fiction tale. Nicely done!A great movie. It's long and thoughtful and gorgeously filmed. There are good character flaws, but unlike Prometheus, there are good in-story reasons for sending flawed people on such an important mission. The conflicts that arise as a result of relativity are fascinating and surprisingly touching. Aside from the out-of-place thesis that love is a power in the universe, it's a wonderful film that's worth watching.Watch it twice to drink everything in.Crop blight has made growing food on Earth nearly impossible, threatening the existence of humanity. Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), a widowed former NASA pilot, runs a farm with his father-in-law, son and daughter Murphy. Murphy believes her bedroom is haunted by a poltergeist. When the "ghost" creates a pattern of dust on the floor, Cooper realizes an unknown intelligence is using gravity to communicate, and interprets the pattern as geographic coordinates, which Cooper and Murphy follow to a secret NASA installation. There, they meet Dr. Brand (Michael Caine), a college professor of Cooper's. Brand reveals that a wormhole, apparently created by an alien intelligence, appeared near Saturn 48 years before and leads to a distant galaxy, with numerous potentially habitable planets. Twelve volunteers have gone through it, knowing they were unlikely to be able to return, each to assess a different planet's suitability as a new home for humanity. Three - Miller, Edmunds and Mann - have sent encouraging data from planets near Gargantua, a supermassive black hole. Brand recruits Cooper to pilot the spacecraft Endurance to evaluate as many of the planets as possible, while he works on a theory to harness gravity for propulsion, which would allow humanity to leave Earth (which he calls "Plan A"). However, should his efforts fail, the Endurance also carries 5,000 frozen embryos as "Plan B", to provide for humanity's survival. Cooper agrees to the plan, angering Murphy. Cooper's crew consists of three scientists - Romilly (David Gyasi), Doyle (Wes Bentley), and Brand's daughter Amelia (Anne Hathaway) - and robots TARS and CASE. Traversing the wormhole, they first head to Miller's planet, an ocean world where time is severely dilated; for each hour there, seven years pass on Earth. Romilly stays on the Endurance while the rest take a lander to the surface, where they find only Miller's wrecked lander in the shallow ocean. Suddenly, a massive tidal wave strikes, killing Doyle and waterlogging the lander's engines; when Cooper and Amelia return to Endurance, 23 years have elapsed for Romilly and Earth. Murphy (Jessica Chastain), now an adult, has been assisting Dr. Brand with his research. On his deathbed, he admits to her that he solved the equation long before and deemed Plan A impossible, and that he lied to everyone, pinning his hopes on Plan B. Murphy sends a message notifying Amelia of her father's death, then accuses her and Cooper of abandoning Earth. She continues researching, concluding that Plan A could work if somehow information could be obtained from observing Gargantua's singularity... Writer-director Christopher Nolan has more and more made a thing out of trying to master thought-provoking, mind bending and visually outstanding movies as we saw in "Inception" in which he played around with time travel and alternative worlds and how you could interact with them. "Interstellar" is a classic sci-fi continuation of "Inception" in a way with a nod to "2001: A Space Odyssey" as Nolan takes us on a journey into space and time and tries to give us hope on what´s out there as we are slowly heading for a situation where Earth might need to be replaced with another planet in a unknown future for us. The ultimate message is that love conquers everything. Oliver Gettell, writing for Los Angeles Times, reported that "Film critics largely agree that Interstellar is an entertaining, emotional and thought-provoking sci-fi saga, even if it can also be clunky and sentimental at times." And Scott Mendelson of Forbes listed Interstellar as one of the most disappointing films of 2014, stating that the film has a lack of flow, loss of momentum following the climax, clumsy sound mixing, and "thin characters" despite seeing the film twice in order to "give it a second chance." Mendelson writes that Interstellar "ends up as a stripped-down and somewhat muted variation on any number of 'go into space to save the world' movies." I agree in both cases. "Interstellar" is ambitious, grande and visually stunning, but at the same time Nolan seems to have fallen so deeply in love with his thoughts and ideas on space and time travel that he ends up in a blocked momentum of numbers and dimensional mumbu jumbo. The dialogue is stretched and so is the running time and I couldn´t help feeling a bit "Ok, wrap this up now". But, Nolan just loops back the storyline in order to be a bit clever and that just shines trough. I like the fact that Nolan wants us to think. What´s our universal bond? What is humanity? Is there something tangible behind those black holes? And if so, what is there? Can we actually interact between dimensions? Distance, may it be space, may it be time, will ultimately reinforce the relationship and love between people and hope is the last thing we will give up on. The ensemble is great in their respective roles, but I couldn´t help feeling annoyed that Matt Damon (being Matt Damon...) showed up as a jack in a box and sort of ruined this quite dramatic part of the film. That was a miss in my book. "Interstellar" is not Christopher Nolan´s best film if you ask me, and I was not fully blown away as many other claims they have been.quite complicated but never boringMas o menos... esperaba mas de Nolan.Interstellar is a very smart and well thought movie, with an excellent performance from the cast and incredible effects, the film is delivered very well. The plot is creative and original, tying in with the script, the dramatic and action packed scenes are quite entertaining and never fall short of suspense. Although the story did start to trail off towards the end of the movie, the creative screenplay keeps your mind on the thrill of the moment and not the how's and what's behind the minor plot holes.Absolutely amazing! Christopher Nolan, thank you for this beauty of a film! You don’t want to miss this!Another end-of-the-world disaster flick, but this one is way over the top on the believability scale. Travelling thru worm holes in space, placed there by extraterrestrials, to find a new lifelike planet for the remaining survivors to escape to. And when they take a short day trip from their ship to a planet inside the worm hole, when they return their crew mate says they've been gone for 23 years. Really? Life support systems on a tiny spaceship inside a black hole can magically keep working for 23 years? And I suppose there was a 23 years supply of Cheerios on board. Gimme a break. And the main character communicates to his family from decades in the future using a gravity anomaly in their bedroom that is transmitting binary codes. Okay....Anyway, the cast is great (Michael Caine, John Lithgow, Matthew McConaughey), and the movie is long (almost 3 hours), so if you can stand McConaughey's constant mumbling, and suspend your disbelief in a deliberately and impossibly over-the-top and incredibly complex plot line, then this might be just up your alley. Personally, I found myself saying "oh, give me a break" many times during the movie, so it lost some of its impact. Oh, and the 500 foot tall tidal wave on the planet was just too over-the-top unbelievable.one of the best space travel filmFrequently maudlin and with overt and convenient plot points, "Interstellar" may be a bit of a disappointment at first to viewers who have become accustomed to Christopher Nolan's trademark mind-boggling story line structure and world building; this film is more like "Contact" than "Inception." However, focusing on the context of Nolan's oeuvre would do "Interstellar" a great injustice, as this particular installment makes use of the immense (the very nature of relativity) as well as the minuscule (the cast's laudable acting chops) to pack an emotional wallop. "Interstellar" does suffer from the "slow burn" effect-the initial action and plot developments are sluggish in their arrival-but the film's second act is all but awe-inspiring. The final third teeters on cliché after cliché, but the concepts at work in the background mostly level this out. While I do wish the screenplay had been tidied up a bit here and there, the perfect collaboration between those in front of and behind the camera makes "Interstellar" a worthy contender for one of the decade's most memorable and timeless films.Christopher Nolan's space exploration epic is serious science fiction with brains, beauty and heart Interstellar is Nolan's best and most brazenly ambitious film to date. Doubling down on the Kubrick comparisons, he's made his own sweeping space odyssey in which a team of astronauts, led by Matthew McConaughey's stoically smouldering Coop, venture into the great beyond in search of a new home for humanity. Starlight whirls, planets rock on their axes, and spacecraft cartwheel through nothingness, all soundtracked by a reverential Hans Zimmer score that's equal parts Johann Strauss and Philip Glass. At its heart, Nolan's glimmering cosmic ballet is less concerned with space than time - and particularly the way it's experienced by parents, who watch their children grow up and drift away at a speed that seems brutally out of step with the rest of the universe. Nolan and his co-writer and brother Jonathan explore that question here in the most Nolanish way imaginable, with black holes, event horizons, and much metaphysical bungee jumping. (The theoretical physicist Kip Thorne was a script consultant and served as executive producer.) But the aim of Nolan's film isn't to reduce love to a function of quantum physics: it's to set quantum physics and love on an equal footing, as two densely complex, destiny-steering forces his characters learn to surrender to without ever fully fathoming. The film takes place in the near future, with Earth in the grip of The Blight, an airborne disease that causes food crops to turn to grey-brown powder. It rolls and billows across the land, piling up around houses and cars like the dust-drifts in Andrei Tarkovsky's Stalker, another film in which the characters slip between time's cogs. Coop (the allusion to Gary Cooper is vigorously intended) is a former Nasa pilot who's pitching in with the dig for victory effort, although for him the plan to sit out the famine lacks ambition - and therefore humanity. "We used to look up and wonder about our place in the stars," he grumbles. "Now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt." The words ring with Nolan's own frustration at cinema's narrowed ambitions. Where have the wild-dreaming pioneers gone?This is a great and terrifying movie. There were several parts in which I was on the edge of my seat wondering how they would get out of their current situation. This movie may not be for everyone though. They do get a little technical about time dilation in relation to the proximity of a black hole, standard stuff, but anyone not familiar with the basics of particle physics may not get what the characters are talking about or what's happening. There was a bit of self-fulfilling prophecy in the movie that I could have done without but overall it was a great movie. On a side note, I was totally surprised to see Matt Damon in the movie, I didn't even realize he was in it. He was a great addition however.A rather different sci fi movie, long but worth while.A mind-bending adventure that leaves the heart wrenched throughout the film.Visually pleasent. The story is kinda cool I guess, spend more time with your kids people. The science however....went over my head...still am confused by the ending.It's like a lengthy and moderate slow stroll through the park to me. Fully but just partially an entertainment.This movie was absoulutely off the chain homie!!Wow!! One of the best movies I ever seen.Christopher Nolan really shows a masterpiece with this movie. I really can't describe it well enough without giving spoilers, but if you haven't seen it, you really should. The acting is good, the story is beyond amazing, the effects are beautiful and the scenes in space are delightful for the eyes.got boreing, too longLove it. Fills my heart and imaginationThe only thing this film did well was the spacial effects, otherwise it's completely flawed, no explanation or time frame at the start of the film to lay the foundation for the rest of the film. An sorry, you don't go through an event horizon and end of behind your bookshelf...If we just believe, the universe will bend physics to accommodate our desires. This is fantasy of the champagne socialists, not sci-fi.If we learned anything last year from Gravity it is that when dealing with movies based on science fact, less is more. Christopher Nolan might have taken some of that to heart with his new space adventure Interstellar. Here is a movie with infinite science and infinite filmmaking skill, but it weighs so heavily on an overmelodramatic bid for the soul of humanity that after three hours we find ourselves too exhausted to care. The story, at its core, is a good one. We're sometime in the near-future when the planet Earth is essentially on life-support (Al Gore will love this movie), suffering a resurgence of the dustbowl as our crops are drying up and humanity has regressed into an agrarian state. Amid this breakdown we meet Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), a good-hearted former aeronautical engineer-turned-farmer who is raising a son named Tom, and a daughter named Murphy (if you forget that name, rest assured that Cooper will repeat it at least 300 times before the movie is over). During a massive dust storm, Cooper and Murphy find themselves the recipients of a sign in binary that is either a message from ghosts, God or space aliens. In doing the math, Cooper finds himself among officials at the remains of NASA, and quickly assigned to travel into space, navigate through a worm hole and find another habitable planet to sustain mankind. His crew includes a mournful co-pilot named Brand (Anne Hathaway), a physicist named Romilly (David Dyasi); and a geographer named Doyle (Wes Bentley). Also, two robots named CASE and TARS, who look like monoliths and move like spiders. Actually CASE and TARS are the best things in the movie. They look like the kiosk that you buy your movie tickets from, but they break into smaller parts to perform rudimentary functions -they're really quite impressive. Through a plot that gets way too complicated, the crew find themselves on the other side of the galaxy where they realize that one hour on the new planet equals seven years on Earth. That leads to emotional crises on Cooper's part because he's the one member of the crew with kids back home. Time and relative space begin to spin and bend and twist until neither the crew nor the audience can figure what the heck is going on. This is a very complex story, one that I admit I struggled to follow (and I was able to follow Inception). You find yourself having to look amid large chunks of story to find the main narrative. When you get there you find that through all the gargantuan special effects, music and sound effects, Intersteller is really the story of the disconnection between Cooper and Murphy. Cooper knows that when he gets back home that his daughter will be all grown up (and played by Jessica Chastain) so his mission is really just an effort to make things right. That leads to a long, VERY long scenes in which Cooper mourns the fact that he'll never get to watch his little girl grow up. That would be fine except that the movie belabors the point for nearly three hours, playing the same overemotional notes over and over. Not to be heartless, but when traveling to the other side of the universe, I really could care less about a weepy little girl back home. Christopher Nolan is one of my favorite filmmakers. He is the one director working right now who really wants to put his vision on screen rather than pander to popular taste. We've seen in Inception , and the Batman pictures that he knows how to tell a grand story using logic and good screenwriting. He has a grand vision for what he wants to put on screen, but in Intersteller he goes over the edge. His overbearing emotional output becomes too much for the audience to carry.Intergalactic fairy tale. Visually stunning. This is by far the best movie i have seen this year.Metaphysical Journey More Than Intergalactic Journey While classified as Science Fiction, "Interstellar" is much more about its characters than it is about outer space. Co-Writer/Director Christopher Nolan has a very antiseptic approach to film. His movies have a clinical, clean room feel to them. So, emotions in his films often fall to the background. And, because of that, I often feel that I am being kept at arm's length by his films. But, what makes "Interstellar" work are the actors, especially Matthew McConaughey. He gives a great performance that could have easily gained him another Best Actor Oscar if this weren't a Science-Fiction film. The other actors also do a great job, and that's what makes the film work. There is a lot of science to absorb, and I am sure that could be challenging for those who don't watch Science Channel's space- programming block every week! But, it is the characters, and the performances that carry the movie. When you get to the end, that's where I choked up. And, it was because of that. The story has lots of good stuff in it, but that isn't why you care about what happens. Hans Zimmer delivers yet another excellent film score! He is probably the one great film composer working today, besides John Williams, whose work is legendary.Great acting and directing keep this long running film from being over bearing. Matt Mac is great in this along with Cain and Hathaway. The story built on quantum physics mind job it's in depth and interesting if your into that kind of thing. This film could use a bit of editing, a shorter run time and the end was a bit much for me but it was a worthwhile watch and it's very interesting to say the least. And clever. Great dialogue ties it all together nicely. It gives some lingering thoughts afterward as well and is well tone throughout. Better a second time thru.Great movie,but has a weird ending that a lot of people might not buy into.A lot of script issues bring down a visual masterpiece. Nolan's effort is very apparent in his movies, it's what made The Dark Knight far more than your average superhero movie, and it's also what saves this movie from being awful. New Deal Studios and Hoyte van Hoytema also deserve a lot of credit for making this movie look so incredible. But the Nolans's choices made when writing Brand and the exposition she delivers make the whole third act feel so incredibly sappy and gives it a vibe of being written by a 16 year old high off Taylor Swift songs and Twilight books rather than someone with 16 years of experience.This movie is brilliant, and I honestly can't find a single flaw in it. Loved everything about it.SURENDHAR K: Interstellar is truly a sci-fi epic like no other. To compare said film to '2001: A Space Odyssey' isn't just a disservice, but unnecessary. The films are almost nothing alike, simply sharing small plot elements. Also, Stanley Kubrick's vision of Arthur C. Clarke's sci-fi epic wasn't to ponder the philosophical questions that accompanied the story, but to make art, and art is was, and is. With Interstellar, Mr. Nolan set out to make his most personal and emotional film to date about love and time (time being a recurring theme throughout all of Nolan's films). But it's so much more than that too. There are no words to express the epic journey Nolan takes us on in the film, but needless to say, it's tear-jerking and emotional throughout. This is just my looking at Nolan and his films, but whatever your thoughts are, you can't deny Interstellar is one hell of a journey. He certainly is one of the best filmmakers of our time, and of all time. I can't wait to see what he does next, but i'm not sure it will be as emotionally powerful as Interstellar.Another spectacular example of Chris Nolan's ability to use of time to tell amazing stories. This time, to explore the big questions about love, relationships, and our place and purpose in the universe.I'm actually really angry right now, a few people recommended this film to me and i just don't understand why?! Maybe i'm just not that smart. I barely understood it and most of it went over my head. I pretty much relied on the synopsis to understand what was going on, and if a film is that hard for me to follow, then it obviously just isn't for me. I can't fault the visuals, music or the majority of the acting - just the story, and in particular the turn it took at the end...what was that? why? there was no need! I was bored at the start. Then the film peaked my interest once they were in space and then the turn it took just made me fed up and annoyed. I don't seem to love Christopher Nolan as much as everyone else does, i enjoyed his earlier films and i love two of the Batman films but most of his films just end up boring me. It's disappointing because i usually always love his casting choices and i want to like his films but most of them just don't engage me. Maybe he just isn't for me. Jon enjoyed this more than me and gave it 7/10 but even he admitted that he didn't understand the majority of it and he also enlisted the help of the synopsis. I guess if you haven't watched it give it a go, you may enjoy it or like me you might wish that you'd spent the past three hours doing something else...Maybe not everyone's cup of tea, but a great sci-fi film nevertheless.A truly stunning movie.New original movie---it's about time!So, it's clear to me why a lot of people didn't like this. It got way too weird at the end. But I think it still had a lot of redeeming qualities. The end just wasn't one of them.I heart Christopher Nolan.Immensely powerful and emotionally draining, Interstellar is a marvel of Science Fiction cinema that seems to be ahead of it's time considering the fact that at times it's concepts tend to go way over the heads of the casual moviegoing audienceAlthough the science was rather shaky at times, the story kept you on your toes and the visuals were so beautiful! ð???I was pretty entertained up until the final act of the film. My ending to this film blows this one so far out of the water I had to call a friend who has been hounding me to watch this film and get him to weigh in on it. He agrees that the temporal differences of the planets could have been the savior and a much more triumphant ending basically as the cavalry rolls in. But nope, lets make up some fifth dimensional bullshit and ghosts.At almost 3hrs this movie moves at too much of a slow pace to enjoy it fully plus all the science stuff requires your undivided attention, making it move slower than it should! There are great performances from a star studded cast along with visually stunning CGI which just about saves it from being completely dull. Not sure about the theoretical physics surrounding black holes which just made the last 10 or so minutes of the movie absurd. Lastly I found it incredibly frustrating why Earth was a dying planet. No explanation was given. Was it a planetary reason or human's over resourcing Earth or was it our very own Sun dying? If a reason was given I certainly missed it due complicated science stuff or the fact at times it was hard to comprehend was being said, not because of not understanding was what being said but due to too much mumbling & whispering by the actors on screen.one of the best sci-fi movie i've seen in yearsmeh - not sure what the fuss is aboutInterstellar is chockablock with philosophical ideas, visual effects and theoretical physics from Nolan and his brother, Jonathan, who co-wrote the script.Long and boring movie. Would not buy it!i think it was really well done but there were a few dry spots but it really brings it home at the endOkay, there was some cool physics stuff, but also stupid physics stuff. The special effects were amazing, but I just couldn't get over the super lame twist at the end.More philosophical than scientific Sci-fi drama with a great cast and unique story. Reminiscent of 2001 but with a happy(ish) endingI loved this truly gripping film. Another masterpiece by Nolan. Mesmerising storyline complemented by the legendary Hans Zimmer's music score. Brilliant.I really enjoyed this but then at the end I was very confused with the time travel. I still don't get it haha. good film though :)Amazing, amazing movie.Long, bold, and with some interesting visual sequences but the technical scientific direction that the plot takes in the final third got a bit bewildering and if you let that run over you, the movie is an enjoyable watch.This was painful to watch I expected greatness. It took forever to get to the point. Slow and story wearyVisually, this was one of the coolest movies I've ever seen. The effects were unreal. The story line was average, at best.The only reason I gave this movie two stars is because I'm a big fan of Hans Zimmer and his score in this movie does not disappoint. As far as the movie itself, the plot is simply a mess. The first two hours are great and you feel like this may end up being one of the best movies ever. However, the last third of the movie is so incredibly confusing and nonsensical that you're left almost stunned at how anyone thought it was a good idea. As a scientist myself, I'm fairly well versed in some of the issues discussed. I'm willing to overlook liberties taken with scientific accuracy if it results in a good action movie. However, this movie turns into some sort of paranormal babble disguised as science. There are about a million questions with no good answers for what you see in the last hour. You finish the movie feeling both shocked at the turn of events and cheated for the movie not having a better ending. Once again, impressive computer graphics are no good if you don't have a good plot to go with them. Please don't waste your time watching this mess.Absolutely awesome film! For lovers of sci-fi it's a must watch film. Profoundly interesting with a good pace - despite the years it covers- with a brilliant performance from Matthew and the various actresses that play his daughter.Catchphrase: "initiating spin!" This is one Sci-Fi that has it all. Pays some tributes to Stanley Kubrick's "2001 Space Odyssey". Nolan is really a genius. Disclaimer: The movie requires detailed attentionMore philosophical than scientific Sci-fi drama with a great cast and unique story. Reminiscent of 2001 but with a happy(ish) endingI loved this truly gripping film. Another masterpiece by Nolan. Mesmerising storyline complemented by the legendary Hans Zimmer's music score. Brilliant.I really enjoyed this but then at the end I was very confused with the time travel. I still don't get it haha. good film though :)Amazing, amazing movie.Long, bold, and with some interesting visual sequences but the technical scientific direction that the plot takes in the final third got a bit bewildering and if you let that run over you, the movie is an enjoyable watch.This was painful to watch I expected greatness. It took forever to get to the point. Slow and story wearyVisually, this was one of the coolest movies I've ever seen. The effects were unreal. The story line was average, at best.The only reason I gave this movie two stars is because I'm a big fan of Hans Zimmer and his score in this movie does not disappoint. As far as the movie itself, the plot is simply a mess. The first two hours are great and you feel like this may end up being one of the best movies ever. However, the last third of the movie is so incredibly confusing and nonsensical that you're left almost stunned at how anyone thought it was a good idea. As a scientist myself, I'm fairly well versed in some of the issues discussed. I'm willing to overlook liberties taken with scientific accuracy if it results in a good action movie. However, this movie turns into some sort of paranormal babble disguised as science. There are about a million questions with no good answers for what you see in the last hour. You finish the movie feeling both shocked at the turn of events and cheated for the movie not having a better ending. Once again, impressive computer graphics are no good if you don't have a good plot to go with them. Please don't waste your time watching this mess.Absolutely awesome film! For lovers of sci-fi it's a must watch film. Profoundly interesting with a good pace - despite the years it covers- with a brilliant performance from Matthew and the various actresses that play his daughter.Catchphrase: "initiating spin!" This is one Sci-Fi that has it all. Pays some tributes to Stanley Kubrick's "2001 Space Odyssey". Nolan is really a genius. Disclaimer: The movie requires detailed attentionInterstellar came at the end of 2014 to give us a Christmas blockbuster worthy of leaving our warm hearths for. I saw it late after a stretch abroad, but I'm glad I caught it on the big screen, even if it was the 'Bijou' screen of my local cinema. Some films excel at spectacle, and this really deserved to be seen on the biggest, loudest screen possible, so count yourself lucky if you managed it. The film is a science fiction epic, but it's not an outlandish fantasy. Forget Avatar. Has anyone watched Avatar recently? Interstellar feels grounded in possibility with ideas full of personal conflict and universal philosophy. The story begins some fifty odd years in the future on an Earth devastated by crop blights. The world is becoming a barren dustbowl as humanity struggles to feed itself. Our hero is Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) a widowed former pilot turned farmer who ekes out a living with his father-in-law and two children Tom and Murphy. The film does well to establish this world; a parent-teacher meeting where children are denied a college application so they can become farmers and an early action sequence where Cooper salvages a downed Indian drone for parts hint at the environmental, technological and geopolitical situation of this future world. The main narrative starts when a mysterious signal leads the ever inquisitive Cooper to the remnant of NASA, helmed by Cooper's old professor Dr. Brand (frequent Nolan-collaborator Michael Caine) who offers him the chance to join a secret mission to find a new homeworld for humanity. A wormhole has been discovered near Saturn which leads to a system of potentially habitable planets orbiting a supermassive black hole. Here begins the struggle and the decisions Cooper and his family must make. Should humanity continue to fight the losing battle on Earth, or abandon it? Should a man leave his family for the future of humanity, or live out what life he can with them, as best he can on a dying world? At the heart is Cooper's relationship with the daughter he leaves behind (Jessica Chastain) and her struggle to forgive him as she grows up to become a scientist herself. The relationship is paralleled with Brand's daughter Amelia (Anne Hathaway) who joins the mission to look for something else among the stars. Christopher Nolan is a twenty-first century auteur and his films are always ambitious, complex and engaging. Even if that ambition is sometimes stretched, he never shrinks from a bold idea. But it's not just a philosophical narrative. While emotional through and through, the film also explores its conflict through gripping action and spectacular visuals, and its pioneering attitudes through the inclusion of cutting edge scientific thought. Okay, so you don't have to understand every part of the physics; some artistic licence has undoubtedly been taken for the sake of story or spectacle, and there are 'Star Trek' times when characters with a scientific background explain their complicated plans to each other with a simple analogy (a technique immortalised by Fry in Futurama), but we're here to watch a movie, not a lecture in theoretical astrophysics. The result is that the characters not only explore foreboding new worlds of ice and oceans but deal with the vaguely realistic implications of exploring wormholes and black holes, such as time dilation and intense space-time-warping gravity. This is used to great emotional effect; imagine communicating with your family at home when hours of your time is years of theirs and your messages can 'only' travel at the speed of light. It's enough that theoretical physicist Kip Thorne was present as a consultant to know we're in safe hands. Thorne collaborated with Carl Sagan on the latter's novel Contact, which became a film in 1997 and dealt with the communication between a father and daughter across the void of space and also happened to feature Matthew McConaughey in a supporting role. Interstellar seems like a spiritual successor but stands on the shoulders of another giant, that unforgettable epic journey to the edges of the solar system and beyond: 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968); although that film's astronaut Dave had no family keeping him on Earth. It's worth mentioning here that the cubic robots that assist on the mission are markedly less homicidal. The robots have been brilliantly realised with inventive simplicity as real puppets played by actors and not CGI. The effects as a whole are a cinematic experience; the spaceship blasts through the void to ludicrous organ overlays and emerges overlooking the black hole, a magnificently realised singularity of ultimate light and darkness simulated using Thorne's mathematics. Then a moment of peace, all the more accentuated after the volume, allowing us to ponder the 'gravity' of the situation in more ways than one. I read an article explaining that the pipe organ was for a long time the world's most complex man-made device, this scientific significance a possible reason behind its inclusion, aside from the obvious spiritual associations. Organ pipes also have a visual similarity to spaceship engines, reminding me of Boston Third Stage album cover where the band's signature organ is presented as just that. My only word on the film's ending is that it comes very close to undercutting Cooper's sacrifices by letting him have his cake and eat it, but after the mind-bending finale, we're on board enough just to go along with the ride. So I'll leave it there. The word 'stellar' is sometimes used to describe something of an extremely high standard, but it's hard to say now without sounding like you're quoting Stanley Kowalski. I think it's time for a change, so this film gets full marks because it was Interstellar.Good film over all! A bit heavy going but never the less a well made well acted movie!This is a very gorgeous film with stunning performances from its cast and terrific direction from Nolan. The score by Zimmer was beautiful to listen to and the cinematography and special effects were beautiful to look at. There was heart in this film and it is the story of a man and his family and his journey to find a habitable planet to live in. It was sad and heartbreaking at times but not always.Fresh off of watching that horrible film gravity, I saw interstellar. Thank god they managed to make a good space film in last few years.Stick to batman Nolan.Outstanding story and cast wrapped together by a stellar score from Hans Zimmer. Best sci-fi film I have seen yet.To put it simply, it was a masterpiece. The film was epic, grandiose, exploratory and thought-provoking. The performances were top notch, the music was grand and it kept reminding me of "2001: A Space Odyssey," which wears its influence on its sleeve. Nolan is still a masterful storyteller.Interstellar is nothing short of a masterpiece. This astounding triumph boasts top-class performances, chilling music and stunning visuals. Nolan delivers an absolute spectacle which is likely to remain my favourite film of all time.Probably Nolan's worst to date. A mess of exposition and ST Next Gen style "solutions", with a bit of emotion tacked on. Neither exciting nor moving. The best thing about this movie is the score.I am going through many of the reviews and even the people who enjoyed the movie dont seem to do for the right reasons. This movie is a magnificent merge of dazziling, modern movie theatrics and our latest ground breaking knowledge about our universe. It is a magical merging of science and art. The current progress of a unified theory indicates that our world is probably 4-dimensional (with the fourth dimension being time). I'm pretty sure 95% of humans can't imagine the fourth dimension, it being time only makes the task even more unachievable. It was a beautifully depicted in the movieI prefer my sci-fi films to be epic and this is epic. And long. A big film all round.While Interstellar is visually awesome, and thought provokingly interesting at times, and even often gripping & intense, ultimately its whimsically metaphysical meandering ends up marooning the story in a galaxy somewhere between "fanciful" and "preposterous". It tries so desperately to be profound that it loses contact with credibility. The last 20 minutes or so I was just waiting for it to end.Started pretty good ( great cast) but went down hill. Not sure why we held out for the 2.45 min. long movie. Oh must have been to watch Matthew Mc.I'm not completely sure it holds together as science (despite the involvement of astrophysicist Kip Thorne) but it (mostly) earns its emotional resonances. Or I could be wrong on both counts. Matthew McConaughey plays an ex-NASA pilot turned dustbowl farmer a couple of generations in the future when things don't look too good for the human race. Of course, he's worried about the future for his kids (as we all are). So, when the opportunity arises to search for a new home world (I'll keep the spoilers to a minimum), he takes it. Thus begins an adventure that is probably equal parts Gravity and 2001, with a few other nods thrown in. It can be gut-wrenching in its physical tension but also somewhat incomprehensible in its farfetchedness. At a certain point (admittedly very late in the film), I simply gave up "believing" and just decided well, OK, then. Although I'm not sure I was ever fully transported into the world of the film (it would have been a very different experience on the IMAX screen) and this might have been because of the distracting presence of name actors (McConaughey is solid but Anne Hathaway, Michael Caine, and Matt Damon are distracting; Jessica Chastain has too little to do). Yet for all its loopiness and hokum, it still has enough fascinating moments and technical wizardry (the soundtrack included) to rate as a significant accomplishment.I was not expecting much from this movie going into it, but it surprised the 'ship' out of me.Wow, what a awesome movie, and a what a trip! This movie you have to watch, no casual watching while doing something else and be prepared to think. But oh so good, I wish I had went and saw it in the theater. The sound track was amazing, the visuals where breath taking... Definitely worth a watch...sometimes, its not necessary to go super mind bending confusing.One of those films that you must completely pay attention to or you will miss an important detail.This was a gap filled boring movie with a lot of gobbled-gook star trek language and a waste of quality talent. You might feel smarter when it's all over if you like emotionally charged intellectualism. The sound track did not seem to fit the scenes and it was a lame attempt at the cinematography and soundtrack of movies like Gravity.Heard bad things- ignored it and glad I did. Excellent movie- visually stunning!Nor an easy movie to grasp, it tackles some extreme scientific theories, but I was still able to understand the basis- what truly stands out are the visuals and the sheer level of emotion the show evokes because at the core of Interstellar was a show based on humanity (both the good and the bad) and love.The most frickin unpredictable and well made storyline I have ever seen. After watching this film your still wondering if you will ever see such a good film in your life. This is the only film I have rated 5 star and the reason why the average ranking is'nt 100% is because some people find this film so good, its bad...Interstellar is the perfect example of pure cinema - everything, from the grand soundtrack to the breathtaking visuals, is geared to fill the audience with awe and wonder. Despite a story that feels a tad shorthanded in the character department, Nolan's latest is a cerebral and astounding piece of film-making that cannot be ignored.An intensely boring film whose plot has enough holes to be swallowed in a black hole. Maybe someone can teach Matthew M. to enunciate more clearly too.This movie was amazing, the sad part about movies these days are their lack of thought provoking ideas, to interest the youth and others to carry on where others have left off. People need to think and love as love something we understand. I think people should actually really think about everything mentioned in this videoGreat film. Edge of your seat stuff!had to watch it more than once to understand it. eventually got it and loved itPerhaps the film that Gravity wanted to be, but like 2001 loses it's way and is just too long. Starts well but.........One of the best Nolan movies to grace the theaters. Would highly recommend.interstellar is a amazing spectacle it is a visual treat and visually the film is absolutely fantastic it is clear that Christopher Nolan is a absolute master of his craft when he sees the opportunity to use a piratical effect he does a great job. but the story is a bit of a weak point. Do not get me wrong its a great story but their were times were the pacing was really slow and it is a little to long and kind of boring at points. but the idea of going into space and being separated from your family and going into cryogenic states was done well and it did lead to some emotional scenes.I would recommend it.fantastic film by Christopher Nolan. so impressed.after seeing the reviews I was very disappointed.I very interesting story. Kept me glued until the end. Despite the 2 hr 45 min run time.Although it moves somewhat unrealistically quickly at first, this is a really ambitious movie, and perhaps the best illustration yet of what it would be like to visit an exoplanet. The idea that some extraterrestrial intelligence will reach out to us from the future is a little hard to believe, but then again, who knows...?My favorite movie in a long time. I have been obsessed with the solar system, the vastness of space, and the prospects of space travel since seeing Interstellar. It fulfilled nearly everything I look for in a science fiction epic. Such a fun ride.At points this is a really great film. I was hooked and fixed to my seat. However like most Nolan films, too long with plot points pulled beyond what gravity would sustain. The "flawed" masterpiece title is well deserved. spoiler alert: The only black interstellar stays home to do "homework" for a few years and then dies before the last reel. Business as usual for black characters!This was a very original and COMPLETE film.... it was a little bit less than what i expected in terms of a sci-fi film, but it was absolute genius in what it actually was. An all-around brilliant film...but you NEED to be able to focus. It's not a film for those with an IQ of less than 115; you might find it tedious. For the rest of us, it was so beautifully complete and intriguing, I can only say "MUST SEE" (if you're not semi-retarded). Sparks the imagination, creative, very well acted, and just all around an extremely solid film. A memorable film for sure5 times in theater once streamed, honestly can't get enough of this movie. I still go back to the soundtrack every few monthsI liked this a lot more than most reviews lead me to believe I would. Matthew McConaughey is excellent and really anchors the emotion of the film. It was, as many have observed, very sciencey and cerebral, but I thought they pulled that off (mind you - likely frustrating for those expecting an action-adventure film). The ending was a bit too easy, but emotionally satisfying. All in all a very solid sci-fi film.Ok so I'm not huge into sci-if. It was too much for me and too long. Clunky mess. Lots of confusing sci-fi dialogue with too little action. After recently seeing gravity this movie is like its shitty step sister. Not nearly as believable and too Complicated. Film got worse during second half. I couldn't connect to the characters either. Sure the visuals were good and the acting wasn't bad; but I didn't care much for the actual story because it was too far fetched.A cinematic experience of the highest order, I imagine Interstellar will be many different things to many different people, a movie that will inspire thought, flame imagination and push filmmaking in a varied myriad of new and exciting directions, yet it will also be a film that divides the masses, as we've seen already with critics. While many will herald the vision and scope of Christopher Nolan's most ambitious film yet, there will be equal amounts that find fault in its lofty goals, pick holes in its unashamedly mawkish sentiments and then there's those that think Matthew McConaughey might mumble just a little too much. Taking a very personal approach to a movie I feel deeply awe struck by, I will be one of those many people that completely and faithfully stick by a film that for years to come will be a new benchmark in not only the Sci-Fi genre but movie making as a whole. Naming Interstellar as my most anticipated movie of the year was based on Christopher Nolan's impeccable track record at crafting lofty and masterfully made movies. Over a period of nearly two decades now, the British auteur has oft delved into the human condition, whether it be our memories, our dreams or our dark knights, Nolan has never not reached for the stars and never more so literally than in his most affecting tale here. That critics have found flaws and faults in this journey bemuses me greatly and in saying journey I truly believe this is as close as we could ever come as an audience to such an expedition (not since the Lord of the Rings trilogy had I felt so immersed in a world, in a trek). Critical backlashes to Interstellar bemuses me so as finding flaws here makes me wonder where these critics were for Nolan's previous productions. From Following right through to his most flawed yet thoroughly enjoyable Inception, Nolan's films have always been far from foolproof experiences yet nit-picking them would be taking away from the abundance of cinematic genius that lays so openly before us. Interstellar without question is riddled with moments and with scenarios that are very far from perfect yet what encompasses them is something one can only but marvel at. Displaying a directional tone and an emotional depth that sees a maturity to an already mature behind his years filmmaker, Interstellar sees Nolan open up new dimensions both literally and in a directional sense and there is a heart here I've never seen from Nolan, an emotional core that beats so strongly even as we venture deeper and deeper into the unknown with McConaughey's Cooper and his crew of mankind's saviours. There are ideas here that not only click your mind into overdrive but a beating pulse that drives this adventure into the affecting material it becomes. This is Nolan at his finest and we to see yet another stunning turn from the born again McConaughey with a scene where Cooper watches videos now years old of his family particularly showcasing the power of McConaughey as an actor and he is without question the rock that allows Interstellar to be built upon. There are also visuals to wow the mind here, fantastic cinematography work by new Nolan DOP Hoyte Van Hoytema and a score by Hans Zimmer that must surely be one of the most finely crafted film musical accompaniments of the modern movie era and there is a general sense of overall excellence to a production that clearly wanted to do justice to its masters grand visions. Once more on a personnel note, I was starting to question the power of modern day movies to engage in an entertainment sense, an emotional sense and in a thought provoking manner but Interstellar has wholeheartedly showcased to me once more the power the medium holds when produced in such a splendid manner. Sure Anne Hathaway can be annoying, yes no doubt some of the dialogue may clunk and do we really need our movies 100% scientifically accurate? There criticisms of the film are valid to a point; there also criticisms of a film that also do not in many way shape or form matter. Put your prejudices aside, allow yourself to be carried away on the Endurance and Nolan's cinematic treat will take you on a movie trip unlike any other (even when paying homage to Sci-Fi greats that have preceded it). A startling example of the power off big budget movie making and wonderful vision come to life, Interstellar is not only the big screen movie of the year but an all-time classic that I for one can guarantee will be talked about and studied on for years to come by a raft of not only movie lovers, but movie makers, inspired to reach for the unknown just like Nolan did here. 5 A-listers in cryogenic sleep out of 5 For more movie reviews and opinions check out - www.jordanandeddie.wordpress.comWhat the hell? The movie was very interesting. It was entertaining in in Christopher Nolan's fashion, the ending was crazy.ï¿¼Great movie same as ost, best of Zimmer so farA really good movie. It has awesome visuals and great acting. It gets slow at times and I wish it ended a little different.A very entertaining film. But, sometimes it tries to be more than it should be. It tries to over-complicate the story.A visually impressive movie by mastermind Chistopher NolanIt's the kind of movie that's really good the first time you see it and gets worse with each prospective viewing, but I've only seen it once and I don't like to question the science too much because hey, it's a movie, so I really like it.one of the most beautiful, emotionally absorbing movies of this century. a movie chock full of visual splendor and deep substance. a masterpiece.One of the best movies I've ever seen.starts off slow, drags a little bit in the middle but has a wonderful, magical ending! A clever film, just wished they showed more images in space and planets!"They" just took three hours from my life that I can never claim it back >:<I'm still blown away by this movie.Although the film stumbles in some areas, Interstellar truly delivers as the 2001 of the 21st century.The atmosphere, acting, and directing are magnificent but the story and its logic could be a tad out of this world.It started out fantastic. However, with about 1 hour left in the movie (around the time Matt Damon showed up, go figure), things started to get really strange and I'm not sure whether I liked the way it went up to the end. For a long movie, it took a long time to get to a point and then seemed to rush the ending.This movie is perfect. The action scenes, the story, the acting, everything. You have to watch this.It was an interesting movie. The daughter was annoying though, and I don't know why. The robots cracking jokes were the best.Fascinating and visually stunning!While managing to be a fairly stunning film visually, Interstellar fails at delivering an original, compelling story. The plot is very predictable, all of the characters are static, and the acting was atrocious. There is not much more to say about this movie besides the fact that was far too long and devoid of any real story.Ambitious is a good word to describe director Christopher Nolan's "Interstellar" (PG-13, 2:49). The word applies equally to the filmmaking, the story the film tells and the actions of every main character in the film. Instead of giving us a typical end-of-days sci-fi adventure, Nolan has produced an epic worthy of David Lean and as imaginative as anything Steven Spielberg has ever dreamed up. This is a broad, yet intimate story featuring a long-odds tale of human survival, spectacular visual effects (especially in IMAX), high-concept science and sprawling storytelling, all centering around a beating heart full of family values and the transcendent power of love. The Nolan brothers (screenwriters Jonathan and Christopher, merging their many disparate ideas for this story) imagine a near future in which mankind has advanced technologically, but regressed societally. Environmental conditions have turned the planet into a modern day Dust Bowl in which much of the world's food supply has been obliterated and the variety of crops that can be raised from the earth is dwindling. Mankind's increased focus on producing the basics for human existence has removed common luxuries from our lives and rendered our early 21st Century lifestyle obsolete. Not much matters now beyond survival - and family. The family at the center of what becomes a fight for the survival of the species is that of former astronaut Cooper (Matthew McConaughey). He's now a farmer, and a widower struggling to maintain his home and provide for his family - his father-in-law (John Lithgow), his 15-year-old son, Tom (Timothee Chalamet), and his 10-year-old daughter, Murphy (Mackenzie Foy). Murph is precocious and intelligent, but seems to believe there is a ghost in her bedroom knocking books and other items to the floor. Her father, always the scientist, tells her to approach the strange occurrences in her room as a scientific problem. The two of them discover that these seemingly random acts of gravity are actually messages from a mysterious intelligence beyond their understanding. A clear pattern in the dust that blows in through Murph's window leads father and daughter to a top secret research facility. It seems that the current environmental conditions on earth are even more ominous than most people realized and it's almost as if Cooper was sent to this remote location to play a role in helping to save the human race. Cooper is reunited with his former NASA mentor, Professor Brand (Michael Caine), who is leading a team of scientists working to avoid human extinction. An experimental spacecraft stands ready to take a small group of latter day explorers (Anne Hathaway, Wes Bentley and David Gyasi) through a worm hole that has appeared near Saturn in the hopes of finding a hospitable planet on which to relocate... or to create a brave new world on one of those planets with frozen human embryos ("Plan B") loaded on to their ship. Cooper is more experienced as a pilot than anyone on hand and he reluctantly agrees to be a part of the Lazarus Mission. Murph doesn't want her father to go, but he realizes that leaving his children is his best chance of saving them. He promises Murph that he'll return to her, but with no guarantees that he'll be able to fulfill that promise. Time is not this mission's friend. The distances traveled and the relativity of the space-time continuum (Einstein and Newton deserving equal billing here) mean that even if the mission is successful, the people of earth may not survive long enough to benefit from it. As Cooper and his team go in and out of hypersleep and attempt to visit as many as three possible new earths, Coop's kids become adults. Tom (now played by Casey Affleck) is raising a family in the increasingly difficult conditions on his childhood homestead and grown-up Murph (Jessica Chastain) works at that secret NASA facility, trying to help Professor Brand solve the scientific problems associated with getting the rest of the human race off the planet and to a possible new home - just a few planets and a wormhole away. The rest of the movie cuts back and forth between Lazarus' significant challenges in an unknown galaxy and the struggles of life on earth, as we wait to see if humanity can be saved - and if love, as one character opines, can truly maintain its power across space and time. "Interstellar" is a wonderful blend of the tried-and-true with the original-and-new. There is no mistaking the presence of earlier sci-fi cinematic influences here, but the film never crosses the line into mimicry. Fans of "2001: A Space Odyssey", "Contact", the recent "Star Trek" films, "Gravity", Nolan's own "Inception" and even the movies of M. Night Shyamalan will enjoy elements of those earlier works in this film as the rich background to a story that still feels very fresh. From the ambitious story-telling and the marriage of movie magic and realistic science (overseen by theoretical physicist and executive producer Kip Thorne) to the unusual-looking robots and the original score, there is much here that is new. Although the movie is longer than it needed to be and some of the plot points strain the limits of credulity (even for a sci-fi adventure), the film's many strengths (including stellar performances, especially from McConaughey) and its deep soul carry the day and deserve an "A...minus."Visually well done. Parts of the plot were rather predictable, but it kept my interest throughout most of the film.Brand : Do not go gentle into that good night....Old age should burn and rave at close of day.... Rage, rage against the dying of the light. The movie is set in a time when the earth is becoming uninhabitable and some nasa astronauts venture into the space looking for another planet where humanrace can again flourish....the concepts used in the movie were pretty cool,like a 5D world where time is a physical quantity or exploring planets with just water present on most its surface(like earth too had once) or the time difference between two different systems and bla bla.....in all the movie was pretty smartly written & directed by the Nolan brothers and was ably supported by the cast too.....though wasn't as entertaining or charming as the gravity but will still keep your mind occupied for much of the lengthBookcase ghost pissed me offThe definition of Cinema! Nolan deserves more and all the back room staff esp Hanz and the physicists who counselled Nolan's imagination. Deserved far more Oscars.Interstellar takes you on an emotional and mind bending ride. Its story is truly out of this world. One of the best movies of its time with Stunning effects, and great acting performances from all the cast.Greatest sci-fi ever!!!! :)For me the Movie is a definite 5/5 stars. Intellectually engaging (as people have come to expect from Nolan) yet emotionally engaging as well as you find yourself becoming slightly teary when a grown man is crying like a baby at the sight of his children. I felt myself sympathizing with all the characters and their situation, not just the main protagonist. The only reason why I took half a star off is not because I didn't like it, but the people around me were mentally challenged to the point where they couldn't follow what was going on in the film by half way. I found myself thinking the entire time, something that I enjoyed, however, that doesn't necessarily mean that everyone in the world will understand the movie like I did.Interstellar gives some extraordinary visuals that make you feel like you're really in space.There are soft discomforts but when compared to the whole package, Interstellar continues Nolan's legacy.The best space movie ever made. The fact that Nolan consulted Thorne on the physics made it that much better. The storyline, space scenes, and music are incredibly in sync and uplifting.I'm not a big sci-fi fan, but this was awesome. The few small imperfections this movie has do not detract from it in the least. The soundtrack alone is a masterpiece.As it transcends the dimensions of space and time, Interstellar provides visual and intellectual thrills aplenty, but its key characters remain somewhat unidimensional throughout, and its resolution feels like something of a shortcut. AKA Those scientists cry a lot.an astounding and mind-blowing masterwork from christopher nolan. there wasnt a moment in this film that wasnt absolutely captivating and stunning.Un des films les plus manifique que j'ai écouterI love this movie makes u wonder if the so call aliens aren't really aliens but us, maybe a different version of us. maybe we came from a similar planet to earth. that's why we can't find our missing link to our evolution. because we came millions of yrs ago and we realized that in order to survive in this planet we had to change our DNA. if u put all the the pieces together the pyramids the Mayans and anunnaki and all those conspiracies u have heard of u some what get a glimpse of where we really come from but that's just me though lol fucken great movie..It has everything you want from a Sci-Fi. And everything you expect from Nolan, which is why we get a spectacle set in space like no other, with a superb emotional story of a father and daughter. If only there's was more films where the final act leaves you speechless.Visually impressive enough to overlook the leaps of faith (or science) required by the script. I can see why its becoming necessary viewing for Gcse science classes. If it inspires young people to get interested in science, job done. But blight and rising CO2 levels will take much longer to have the level of impact implied in this film!fantastic film recommend itIn a nutshell, this movie blew my mind!Where can I start instilling my praise for Christopher Nolan's mesmerizing film "Interstellar"? There is lots to love about "Interstellar",but keep in mind it's a Nolan film, so there's lots to learn with "Interstellar" by viewing it repeatedly and getting a degree in Astrophysics. OK, I was a bit far out there, but again it's a Nolan film so there are plenty of "come again?" moments even if your intelligence if plenty above ground. The movie stars Matthew McConaughey as Cooper, a widowed father of two, who resides in a future where the crop is dying, and the world is in danger of extinction. Cooper, a pilot and a farmer himself, gets fatefully transported to a secret organization who at that time many thought no longer existed; we call them today NASA. Cooper is asked to go on a mission with space astronaut comrades to find another planet that can inhibit life so the people on earth don't have to face their impending doom on the endangered planet earth. Cooper has a wily 10 year-old daughter named Murph and a devoted teenage son named Tom. Murph is the one that is fully against her dad going on this longtime mission, an age part of the mission is that Coop stays the same age while the earthlings get older; beats Oil of Olay any day I guess! The mission is filled with complexities, deceit, discoveries, and challenges; and they even go and Save Private Ryan; OK, I am stopping there. Will Cooper ever see Murph and Tom again? Well, I am not not going to be an interspoiler by revealing that. Nolan proved once again that he is a master auteur with his direction of "Interstellar"; but what I was enamored more about his orchestration of the film that he made the picture more as a love & bond story between a father and a daughter through the test of time (and this is big time) and their brawny magnetic force. The technical features of the movie were exemplary including its cinematography, production design, sound, and of course its extra special visual effects. Christopher and Jonathan Nolan's screenplay was sure complex but very heartwarming, And yes, there was a a bit of a drag in the film's second act, but it all rightfully led to an astonishing third act. McConaughey continues his alright, alright, alright acting with his superb performance as Cooper. Anne Hathaway was outstanding as the fellow physicist astronaut Dr. Amelia Brand; and there was another brand that rated high, and that was the performance of Michael Caine as Amelia's father, Professor Brand who orchestrated the mission. The enchanting Jessica Chastain yet delivered another potent performance as the adult Murph. Other fine supporting work was lifted off by Wes Bentley as fellow astronaut Doyle, David Gyasi as the Black Hole expert Romilly, and child actress MacKenzie Joy as a young Murph. So if you have not done so already, now it's the time to set your cinematic mission set to the stellar "Interstellar". ***** ExcellentEpic Epic Epic. Loved this great casting and directing. Love the fact that I had to watch it again and again to figure out what was going on but overall a really thrilling journey. Amazing film.Started off really good but then got all weird and non-sensicle at the end. A shame because it was an interesting premise.Un film de science-fiction qui regroupe tout ce qu'on aime. La musique divinement Ã©crite par Hans Zimmer appuie sur la tension latente. Le film nous fait vivre et est extrÃªmement poignant. On ne s'en lasse pas malgrÃ© sa durÃ©e (3h). Toujours aussi riche en Ã©motions aprÃ¨s plusieurs visionnages.Very reminiscent of Inception with just as brilliant of acting and weaving of space and time.Such a beautiful movie.Good math, great science (according to modern theory) and some great acting all around. Humorous robots never hurt, though.Lots of big, ponderous, philosophical ideas do not necessarily make for great entertainment.big fan of anything christopher nolan makes, and this is whyIt's a bit all over the placeInteresting move ,must look great on the I-max Great message but way to preachey on some parts and long winded like most Nolan movie ,over all a good s f the about 1/2 to long but worth to rentto be seen if no have anything else to doInterstellar is visually comes close to gravity but the plot is even better and complex maybe not as good as inception still interstellar is full of emotions and action, Christopher Nolan didn't disappoint at all, the flick is really long and slow in the beginning , it gives us an important message and we all know thatThe visuals alone make it amazing. Storyline may be too complex to understand in just one viewing but after watching it once, you'll want to watch at least twice more.I need an ice pack for my brain, because two hours of Nolan dialogues are painstakingly boring! Well if a movie can make me laugh, cry, and feel astonished...then it's doing something right. The movie's biggest flaw is ending.long drawn out movie could've been an hour shorter, just not worth the hypeWhomever went into this movie looking for solid science is a wet blanket! This movie was so insanely pretty, fun, exciting and then Matty D shows up! *spoiler, not a spoiler*This movie has a lot to say about humanity and a lot to say about our universe, and it does it all in the form of a bigger-than-life science fiction drama, the likes of which I've never seen. The enormity of the story and its implications are handled beautifully with a grand score, and generous pacing. Like Carl Sagan's Cosmos, the movie tells an enormous story, moving outward from the center. The center being Earth. And in an amazing feat of writing prowess, it all comes back on itself in a concise and profound conclusion.I love Christopher Nolan. He has a distinct style, he conveys consistent/similar themes in his films, and he usually directs actors well and makes good cast choices. This film, however, falls somewhat flat for me. I'll get the spoiler out of the way because it is one of the main problems for me. This being the second time viewing the film, I looked for information on the black hole, harnessing gravity, and saw how it was explained well in the movie. What is not explained very well is why the black hole specifically sent Cooper to Murph's bookcase. He claims that "we sent ourselves here," but with that logic then futuristic humans needed to place the black hole/tesseract there and select for him to view the bookcase specifically. He didn't place that black hole, so how could he have sent himself there if there don't exist future humans to place it for him. Paradoxes are great in certain sci-fi films such as 12 Monkeys and Looper, but this paradox falls short of greatness. Back on Earth while Cooper is on his mission, things are pretty dead and boring. One of the most intriguing scenes is Dr. Brand's death bed reveal that he has been lying to/betraying the people at NASA, but we can't even hear all of what he is saying due to how he was directed to say it. We get he is dying, but with a barely audible voice in the mix with some eerie noise/music to set the mood. And to think that Roeper actually thought this film would win both sound-related Oscars. There are poor casting choices in this film as well. A lot of characters portray sadness in this movie, but the only actors to pull this off effectively are McConaughey and Matt Damon - plus the younger version of Murph; that scene was very emotional. Jessica Chastain, who one critic praised before the release of the film, did a sub-par job as older Murph, which is disappointing when we look at Zero Dark Thirty and her Oscar caliber performance. I didn't believe her when she cried - and even if I did she still seemed like a little girl, and not grown up as she should be. On top of this, the character comes to the conclusion that Cooper is her ghost due to revisiting her morse code notes and looking at the watch she was given by her father, which means she relatively bases this conclusion on no evidence. And really, Nolan? Topher Grace? Yeah, because it was so dramatic when you see him grab that object with the means to fight Tom off. The Earth segment of the film was just trying way too hard to be dramatic when all the real drama was happening on Cooper's voyage. I have to admit, the film intrigued me emotionally with Cooper's relationship with Murph and his struggle to prioritize the human race over family, but this film also clearly shows why Nolan is considered a very overrated director.I had read some bad reviews of this movie, but I thought it was...ahem...out of this world. It was an excellent depiction of our earth failing and those who are trying to save mankind. I enjoyed it all.Visually entertaining, Interstellar may have some problems with its final act, but overall it's performances, score and pacing just about do enough to cover that up.Overall I enjoyed it but I'm not sure it was entertainment. While I enjoyed watching the film since it is visually stunning, I felt emotionally drained and frazzled by the end. The end did seem a bit more far fetched than what I would expect in a hard-science-fiction film -- perhaps the director got to 2 hours without an ending and had to wrap it up quickly after that. Don't know. Just saying the ending didn't fit in with the highly technical aspects of the rest of the film.Did not dig it all the way, but the visuals are unique in themselvesFilm was too long. Kept with it to see if it got better but was really disappointed.Nolan has produced a film that is absolutely mesmerizing conceptually and visually. Centering on the idea of mankind's future and existence the film explores themes of love and family, sacrifice, selflessness and selfishness in mankind's desire to live and survive, both as individuals and as a whole. Nolan has become the pre-eminent filmmaker of this generation who consistently pushes the exploration of new ideas and concepts in large scale productions He layers his movies in such amazing ways that while sometimes confusing and difficult to follow always come clear and payoff by the end. Just wonderful moviemaking.Im only giving it four stars and not three because of the stars in the movie.An intelligent and visual masterpiece. The story might not be perfect and the characters can be a bit dry, but this film accurately captured my obsession for the mystery of outer space.Excellent movie. Tough without a larger cast.Not ALL the science was accurate but it's still cool to see a movie at least trying to get the science right. The long distances. Time dilation. Etc. Cool stuff. And trying to wind that all into a human story about exploration, love, family, loyalty and hope. Recommended.Making a viewer really think without just being annoyed by the confusion is a feat that Interstellar easily tackles, making it visually thrilling as well as intellectual. Full Review: Interstellar starts with a great premise, and resists the temptation to leap right into it. Instead, it does a solid job of developing its characters, building mystery, and establishing its ideas. The bulk of the narrative is a thrilling and visually stunning adventure that never ceases to keep viewers on the edge of their seat. The science is explained in a way that is not boring nor confusing, something not many writers can pull off. The character arcs are elevated by strong performances and powerful direction from Christopher Nolan.Best Sci-fi movie ever.Honestly, the best movie I have ever seen, very suspenseful and just so awesome. I have never seen a movie like this ever. This movie is amazing and I cannot explain how amazing it really is. If you haven't watched it, you have to watch it.Rating: 98% Interstellar greatly benefits from unparalleled visual effects, touching human emotion, and sure-handed directing that gives the Christopher Nolan film the title as cinematic masterpiece.Really well done. Great story.As overlong, frankly rather childish movies about space go, I'll take this moving and beautiful picture over most. It's at its best when it embraces its own fantasyâ"Matthew McConaughey surrounded by five-dimensional bookcases is a case in pointâ"and at its worst when it tries its hand at explicit philosophy, and/or gives Michael Caine screentime. As such Interstellar improves the more we see of Nolan's (literally) warped vision of space, and concludes with an unnecessary coda but relative triumph. And for those of you complaining about the sub-three hour length: learn to relax. Life isn't one endless series of tweets.There are a few directors in the world that are given a lease of freedom to create any project desired with no strings attachedâ?¦ and director Christopher Nolan is one of them. His projects have grown from The Prestige to the Batman trilogy to Inception and Interstellar takes his work to another dimensionâ?¦ literally! Films with the scope of Interstellar are not made anymore and if they are, they arrive on our screens years apart therefore this is a film to be cherished. It has the best group of filmmakers off screen coupled with some of the best actors at the moment so it really canâ??t put a foot wrong. With each Christopher Nolan film comes a sense of excitement because his work provides a cinematic magnitude that is rare in a repetitive Hollywood. Set in the near future where Earth is ravaged by blight and is no longer able to sustain humanity, a team of space travellers head through a wormhole near Saturn in order to find a appropriately inhabitable planet for the remainder of mankind. Considering scientific experts acted as consultants on the project, the representation of relativity and wormholes are as accurately embodied as they can be. Interstellar is a true adventure film that has been influenced by sci-fi classics such as Alien and 2001: A Space Odyssey but it feels original in everything intergalactic. Interstellarâ??s soul derives from the multiple genres the film incorporates. It has action, drama, comedy, and love and yet it never gets entangled in its abundance; it humbly captivates you with its transcendent beauty and sweeping intellect. To put it simply, Interstellar is perhaps the most exhilarating cinematic experience of times gone by that it will almost leave you in a trance at how spectacular the vision has come to fruition. With imagery able to rival that of Gravity, Interstellarâ??s visual scope is majestically realistic even if it is a fabrication of the filmmakersâ?? imagination. Interstellar captures the magnificence of space effectively; the shot of the Endurance space shuttle silently drifting past Saturnâ??s golden rings is a sight to behold because it actually is a factual place. Once the shuttle enters the wormhole, the emphasis on the imagery shifts from the blackness of space to the appearance of each planet they investigate. The grandeur of each planet is stressed and you go into the film expecting an out of this world experience and Interstellar provides exactly that. If Interstellar doesnâ??t fulfil your graphical expectations, no film ever will! Interstellar features solid, dependable performances from a resiliently recognisable cast. All the actors are of the highest order; most have either won or been nominated for an Oscar and therefore you feel secure that these actors chosen to helm such a project will be able to pilot your enjoyment. Matthew McConaughey portrays Cooper, a widowed astronaut who agrees to leave his family and take on the mission to save mankind. McConaughey is reliable throughout, as the calmly experienced astronaut or as the lovingly devoted father; he delivers a performance that can easily take charge of such a film. Anne Hathaway is likewise emotionally powerful and the Oscar winner is convincing as the female lead and functions as a nice back up to McConaughey. The rest of the cast features an array of actors from Michael Caine to Jessica Chastain and Matt Damon, therefore the film has a strong foundation. If the intellect exceeds the filmâ??s grasp at times, the actors are there to fall back on, as they are effortlessly credible and certainly likeable. Renowned composer Hans Zimmer just keeps delivering amazing scores and this one is just so hypnotically operatic it not only provides an equivalence to the grandeur of the scenery but it also lures you into this new dimension to the point where you feel completely submerged in the interplanetary action. The fact Interstellar arrives at just under 3 hours gives the filmmakers the time to express the scope of the film not only visually but also emotionally and narratively. A good part of 2 hours are spent exploring the vastness of space whilst the whole film challenges you intellectually to consider what may beyond the confines of Earth. Yet Interstellar still has a heart and is not just a technical exploration but an emotional rollercoaster for the characters undertaking the journey as they may never know if they will return to see their loved ones or even save humankind. Interstellar is also intense on your senses; your eyes will be fascinated and your ears will be submerged in the Interstellar experience. Interstellar is a rare film that is not restricted by any outside force and simply has the freedom to explore unexplored boundaries of the imagination. Only the greatest filmmakers can deliver a true family blockbuster with a gritty edge to it that also allows you to become engrossed on an intellectual and emotional level. It is a film with layers and under each layer lies a dose of enthralling indulgence. The only problem with Interstellar is that you can get lost in its complexity. The penetrating uproar coupled with hypnotic sounds can overpower the conversing and the important scientific information can be too much to digest on first screening. Interstellar deals with an unexplored phenomena of wormholes and new galaxies therefore the film needs to explain to us in such a simple way about something so complex that you can get a bit bewildered by the event. Perhaps with the extra help of subtitles to allow you to read the script, Interstellar would be the perfect film as it truly is a cinematic pleasure. Audacious, thrilling and transcendent in its vision, Interstellar is a moviemaking masterpiece that just falls heartbreakingly short of perfection. â??â??â??â??â??â??â??â??â??â?? 9/10This is art operating at a very high level. I won't say it was entirely within my reach, but the breadth of its scope and depth of its humanity more than compensated for its flaws in logic or casting (Hathaway, natch). In a small, but pivotal, role, Damon is superb. And I don't believe McConaughey has ever done finer work. Nolan's achievement here ranks among the greats. Those who dismiss it as hokey, sci-fi mumbo jumbo are missing the point - arguably precisely because "the point" is unknowable.the best movie in 2014!! ---BIRDMAN SUCKS!!!!Awesome effects and score. Some of the dimensional-travel was a bit too convenient. But a good film nonetheless.Odd, how "from the other side" the desperate message is "STAY" when in some forgotten moment, the coordination code is given through to proceed with the opposite.wanna watch it againnnn and again.hands down the greatest movie I have ever seen in my entire lifethis movie is a masterpiece, nuff said. All those stupid critics are just stupid and didn't take the time to learn these things so they gave up and rate this movie a shit rating.I have always believed that we are stuck in a time loop, a loop to which we can break. Anyways to the point.. this film goes to show exactly what can happen in terms of time traveling.Fantastic movie, it was breath taking most of the time, and the 3 ours felt like 1. I wanted more!Surely a future human civilization that is able to transcend time and space and that can create a provisional 3 dimensional reality inside a black hole can come up with a better way to relay a few pages of morse code back to the past than that. And Matt Damon you psycho!! Over reaching plot aside, I find Nolans ideas brilliant in isolation, he is a great director visually and he can achieve realism in the most abstract action sequences. But I cant stand the block buster, science fiction for the modern mass audience sheen to it all. This film was praised for scientific accuracy, but all the dialogue just comes off sounding retarded. I also find his father-daughter-love and noble sacrifice themes to be so insipid and frustrating. Outer space is just no place for such nonsense, 'Gravity' had a similar thing. I should probably just stop expecting much from blockbusters and keep my malicious and hateful thoughts to myself.Simplemente una obra de arteWorth a watch (with a fast forward button!) for the visuals, but the "science" is just as rubbish as any other wormhole movie, peaking at eye-roll level towards the end.Interstellar is a film about love between father and daughter, human sacrifice to save the world, it has its moments where your on the edge of your seat, it has some breathtaking moments, but also moments of hope and heart brake its a must see movie.this movie is a movie worth watching at least once. it has action, it gets sad, and the story is undeniably amazing. It's got confusion and its twist and turns, so listen when you watch. very interesting.I enjoyed this movie quite a bit. Despite some stretched science, and a predicted "twist", it was still very entertaining. Just a good story. Didn't feel as long as it's actual run time either.This mind bender into space gives a realistic take on space bending wormholes. Christopher Nolan has out done him self!!!Gotta be one of the most amazing, intense and mindblowing movies I've ever seen. Watched this alone and I got so into it, I totally lost myself. Though it is a little hard to follow and gets very complicated, incredible storyline. I loved this movie.It starts off slow but turns into an epic journey that really only makes sense at the end. A grand score from Hans Zimmer adds to the action. The only downside I had was Matthews mumbling performance. This movie borrows some plot points from 2001, but not excessively so. Its a long sit so go to the bathroom before you start this movie.this movie is supper good on every levelCaptivating sci-fi whose near-abuse of artistic license is forgivable in the context of its dramatic allure and sharp ingenuity.Overly long and drawn out. It has it's moments and starts to get good near the end. But then the ending comes out of nowhere and totally ruins what is left of the movie.Brilliantly executed and fantastically thought provoking. A top, top movie.one of the best movies I have seen :DThe low talking sy-fi leaves me and other trying to understand what is being said; one has to turn the volume up and read the lips. I gave it half a star because it's in color. --- Ken ParksChristopher Nolan is simply on a plane that other filmmakers of today can scarcely begin to reach. "Interstellar" is one of the most humane, vast, and awe inspiring experiences that I have had while watching a movie. I cannot give this film enough praise.Ghost Busters had better science, a bunch of jibberish, and Hathaway would be the last woman on Earth to send on such a mission. Kind of John Wayne in a space suit riding the bucking bronco and saying cool stuff. Chastain was the best actor while Michael Caine looked like he needed depends and a drool cup .. really weak. Great special effects and the fake robot gets best supporting actor.Fantastic film. Full of emotion, humanity and science.It has flaws,but I still love itAnother powerful movie from Christopher Nolan. This is a traditional movie of his for its depth, its visual prowess, and for its story. Great performances and pure drama power this movie the entire time. It is a great movieThought-provoking and clever, Interstellar is an experience that furthers Christopher Nolan's spotless winning streak.Out of this universe!Very engaging and in the edge of your seat entertaining.Way better than I expected it to be. Great acting, great story, great soundtrack.Really disappointed. It was confusing and boring!Interestelar es una obra hermosa tanto visual como en su trama. Muchos dirán que es larga y con temas científicos complicados, pero la verdad es que nos mantuvo todo el tiempo pegados a la pantalla observando cada detalle de esta. Esta es emocionante, nos hace reflexionar y crea unos lazos familiares y sentimentales difíciles de no apreciar y de no sentir sumergido en esta historia imponente y aún más con actuaciones esplendidas de parte de la mayoría del elenco. Por lo cual esta es una obra del arte del cine.I loved this movie. Best movie of the year!It's a film that's competently tackling questions like the survival of mankind, exploring and understanding the universe along with the role of love and humour in a world dominated by science. I deem it to be a worthy descendant of Stanley Kubrick's '2001', intelligent, gripping and a bit stingy on the runtime.Basically a "mind f*ck", but an entertaining one.I enjoyed the fictionit works quite well. I liked the editing and the music similar in a way to koyaanisqatsi themeConfusing. Need a science degree to understand.I'm not really a sci-fi fan, but this movie is about trust and family. However, it could not be scientifically true,the daughter's bookshelf a portal to to the past? If you are a sci-fi fan,then see this movie.I had such a good time with this one. Finally got to see it after a while of hearing the best about it. What a lot of people forget in analyzing this movie is that "they" are from a dimension where all time happens at once. This means just about any plot hole involving time that they are involved in isn't actually a plot hole. With that out of the way, I just had a blast watching this. The visuals alone are outstanding, but what I really like that this movie uses to it's advantage is time. Time itself is a huge plot device and the display of how time passes in the movie makes it feel so huge and on another level. Plenty of people will pick it apart, but this is the kind of movie where you just need to enjoy the spectacle of it and let the story take you wherever it wants to.No film has called me back to the theaters like Interstellar did, one of the most ambitious films in recent memory with a mesmerizing score. Chris Nolan knows how to take a unique subject and turn it into a fantastic film and this was no different, with one of the craziest third act twists ever displayed in cinema and stunning visuals, Interstellar reaches for the stars and succeeds immensely. 5/5Not one of Nolan's best films, but is certainly still a great film. With an intriguing story and a great soundtrack, it's makes for a amazing space movie.A truly engrossing film with real depth and substance. Best watched in a quiet environment so you can absorb its genius without compromise. Simply the best space (or anything that has to do with space) movie ever!The greatest movie I have ever seen. I can't say anymore, only movie ever to make me cry, only movie ever that grabbed my consciousness tore it out of me and forced me to look it in the eye. Never thought I would ever make an absolutist statement, but I can't take anything away from this movie. 100/100more interesting than gravity but that hardly matters. ultimately this movie proves that US propaganda, human supremacy and Hollywood's formula remain unaffected across space and time. another tale claiming the supremacy of human brain. supremacy of scientists. the only specie that matters. oh! and a special mention for the strange era when you are either a scientist or a farmer.Horrible. Enough said.Good until it got weird. If that is what Earth is going to look like in the near future...eek!Movie can be a little confusing, but the visual effects and surround sound is just amazing"Interstellar" is a pretty good film, but it has some obvious minuses. Christopher Nolan is a director, who always tries to create big, powerful movies with a lot of plot changes, a lot of actions. In this film, in my opinion, it doesn't work as good as usually. The film is just too long and complicated without a necessity. The message of the film is quite typical for today's blockbusters. The only reason why you should watch it is the picture itself: it is really beautiful, especially for those who like sci-fi films like "2001: A Space Odyssey".Best movie I have ever seems. Intelligently written, masterfully directed, and magnificent in every way. Phinominal film.Zimmer & Nolan are so good together! Make him stay Murph!This is the kind of "movie" that pisses me off and leaves me with a feeling of being ripped off.Upon first viewing, I found the first half of the film to be a bit dull but the movie redeems itself by its conclusion. This film explores profound themes and the visual effects are breathtaking. Backed up by a heart-wrenching score and stellar cast, I left the movie feeling emotionally drained and even inspired.Atrociously over bearing music every time someone wants to say something. This is the worst sound track of any film I've ever seen. Thoroughly annoying.Epic film in the truest sense. Sci-fi the way it was imagined by the Godfathers of the genre. You won't be disappointed.Christopher Nolan and his brother Jonathan team up yet again to produce an absolute brilliant spectacle of cinematic proportions. Interstellar is a wonderful mash-up of Hans Zimmer's motifs, impeccable writing, and a complex plot within an extremely accessible context. This exciting film set in space is refreshingly more about time than gravity. A real must-see.Loved it! Powerful to think what one would do in that situation as any of the characters, particularly Damon's.The only problem I have with this movie is its dialogue and the sometimes heavy handed nature of it and sometimes they over explained things, like when Matthew M is in the black hole at the end. Other than that, it was great!Above average twist on the post-apocalyptic narrative.Not a movie for people with narrow minds and no scientific background. A flim tailor cut for intellectual audiences.As always, I will preface this with, I hate future movies. I cant get attached to a movie that has a technology that is suppose to be futuristic but clearly not. The most notable in this movie is the Muppet like ridiculously silly robots. Please. HAVING SAID THAT. I love this movie. LOVED IT. It felt like an event, a grand achievement. Sure I didnt understand its complex story fully, and there were some flaws, but I havent got a feeling like this since watching an old M. Night Shyamalan movie(during his good period). It had all sorts of things in it, much like Shyamalan had, that would reconnect you with the previous parts of the movie. Love it.This movie was good. But it wasnt (dare I say it) stellar. Ill admit, the acting and visuals were amazing, but for once in a Chris Nolan movie, the writing and characters werent all that interesting, I understood it, dont get me wrong, its just the characters were sort of bland. Not to mention Murph being spoiled and Tom being pushed to the side.Wow what a great movie with some nice talkingNolan gives you extraordinary journey through space and life itselfJust okay. A bit confusing (and I liked inception so confusing is okay sometimes )What a load of crap. Some people are SO easily impressed..You would have to suspend your dis-belief out of orbit to get any value from this typical ,complete with the usual Hollywood ending, bull. No one actually talks in the half whispered over dramatic delivery that ''Coop'' insists on using all the time.There are a thousand brilliantly written sci-fi stories that would put this hyped McConaughey love in to rest . ''Moon'' was far superior in every way. ''District Nine '' incredibly better. It is probably on a par with that other love story in the sky ''Gravity'' another bomb......................A stellar movie that sees Nolan once again raise the bar on fantasy to believable epic proportions. If you thought Inception was an exercise in depicting the imaginable and unimaginable then this one comes close again. Sci Fi at its best. Despite McConaughey mumbling through much of his dialog!!My admiration for this film grows on each viewing. It's amazing to see a film that strives to be "2001" in today's film climate. It's not "2001", but hardly anything is.Way too long to maintain any interest.Interstellar review - [ ] The first time I saw this film I was a little confused and did not think much it, like it was another movie like inception, you have to watch it not once not twice but at least 3 times to completely analyze and fully compute what is happening and why the director chose to purse the particular plot. This meaning gives a good message, we are running out of resources and we will eventually come to this point but for now let's just enjoy the movie! This movie is amazing at capturing different types of environments, in this case planets, Matthew McConaughey gives a good performance as does the rest of the supporting actors. What I think really just lost people in this film is when he somehow enters another dimension and he can see into the past. I personally thought that at this point in the movie, the director definitely was trying to give off a message that obviously not very clear, but then again many directors to that. They like to leave you guessing just like Prometheus did. Guys this is a good movie I advise you watch it. AStupid ending, but thoughtful.Cerebral escapism approaching its best, though its headiness will certainly alienate some. One review I read accused Interstellar of trying to be too many movies at once, but that was part of the charm for me. Part heartwarming family drama, part ghost story, part scifi action adventure, part theoretic cosmology lecture (which does not go unappreciated), all woven into a single narrative. The loose ends permit the fi in scifi (e.g. what's the relationship between the wormhole and Gargantua?) while leaving room for furthering the story later on. So much fun to see the fabric of the universe a major player. Great, lofty and enjoyable film. The awesome soundtrack sent chills down my spine.Incredible movie, incredible performances by Hathaway and McConaughey, and one hell of a plot.Nolan provided such a powerful plot using a spectacular cast. Interstellar created a sense of "Space " curiosity for me that i never had. Its one of those films you'll think about for days,weeks months maybe a year!!! ð???ð??»ð???ð??»ð???ð??»By far my least favourite of Chris Nolan's films. Not really as thought-provoking as I had hoped with an overabundance of exposition.If only this film had more interesting characters, a plot that made sense and less monotonous music, I might have actually given it a thumbs-up despite the unimaginatively designed sci-fi scenes and its unnecessarily lengthy running time.It's on its way to become an epic genre defining movie.A very long movie that doesn't see like it's that long. I didn't expect much from this movie but it was great. Watch and don't worry about all the things that don't make senseMust watch!!! It doesn't matter if you have a high IQ. But it matters that you have a strong EQ. Would you rather get lost in time or live each moment? I love this film! :DIncredible and very refreshing. If you only like fast pace movies with little character development and intense action, then you will hate this movie. This movie is for people who appreciate great story telling while capturing great cinematography with true acting. My only regret is that I didn't see it in IMAX.Heavy. Plodding poor acting, surprisingly and uninspiringGreat filmmaking and cinematography and I very much enjoyed the scientific accuracy of the film, but the plot is confusing and convoluted. Not up to standard with usual Christopher Nolan standardsonly reason this movie doesn't get a five star rating is due to the sometimes convoluted plot, which i found somewhat confusing at timesReally long, too scientific without enough explanation. Tends to feel like the plot is lost throughout.Great movie, very original. Brilliant script and directing. One of Christopher Nolan's best movies. However, the storyline can become somewhat confusing and the music may at times become irritating. Although the movie is very interesting and will impress many people especially people who are interested in astronomy this film can drag on and become too long.I overall liked the idea of the movie. There were some ideas about it that I wasn't a fan of but that's neither here nor there. overall it's a movie with amazing effects and acting and Chris Nolan does another amazing job directing but overall, not one his greatest works he has done but he has an still has an amazing track record. also, side note, Hans Zimmer has another great score in my opinion but it get very load at timesA jaw dropping new movie with a power soundtrack.http://manleysmoviesreview.tumblr.com/post/121868801474/interstellarWhen is Christopher Nolan going to learn that making a film longer than it needs to be (nearly 3 hours!) and trying to make the plot sound clever with ridiculous pseudoscience does not create a better film. Very good performance by McConaughey, but sadly not even Hans Zimmer's soundtrack can save this one. Pants!An extraordinary movie just as expected from Nolan.This movie has so much going on and everything ties up in the end.While some people try to find different complains and plot-holes I'm just here enjoying this film and appreciating it's glory.The acting is superb as expected from all these amazing actors and the Visual Effects are so good and well done that makes me so happy to know that they actually won an Oscar for that.The story holds up in so many levels to some of the greatest movies ever.I really can't understand why so many people keep on hating on this but I totally love this film and I'm just glad that God created Nolan and he started making movies cause it's such a blessing.I feel sorry for those who can't really see the greatness of this film.I feel like I should love it a hell of a lot more than I really no, extra cred for my ability to transcend how modern thought has trashed sci fi, marvel at this technical feat It aimed to deliver some profound message but I didn't get it, the only profound truth I had was that the green screen is a vacuum less void, beset of human drama, these kind of huge-budget films are Petrie dishes unable of supporting emotive life, but it is a step towardgreat movie until the ending. the movie had so much potential but the end ruined the whole movieGood movie, well written and played. If the final scene can destroy some good features of the movie (with respectable fantastic images with any scientific reasonable justification), the epilog is hard to accept, kind of idiotic paradise lost, forced lieto fine. 3 Stars Sometime after, didn't change my opinion, but I change my note. The consistency of the all wins over the utopian ending. 5 Starswow I really loved it! What a great movie! Slow movie but greaaaaat movieeee!I don't see what the fuss is about. Could just be I'm not intelligent enough to understand what the heck was going on.A convoluted plot, undeveloped characters, wooden acting, and cringe worthy dialogue make this an embarrassingly bad effort by Christopher Nolan.interesting movie, too long at times but I enjoyed it.Many parts of this modern space tale work out really well once you get past the science mumbo jumbo that is thrown around. Unfortunately, a lot of the movie is science mumbo jumbo talk that confuses more than anything. The visuals are incredible, the settings and ideas in this are impressive to say the least. It's something that I wanted to love so much, and at first I did, I really did. Two sequences I thought were poor: the frozen planet fight, and actually anytime they tried to explain relativity, although I've heard they did a good job with the science in the movie. This is a good movie with great potential but a few things holding back that potential. I believe this to be a case of a movie wanting so hard to be an epic that it lost part of itself along the way (though faring far better than other movies following that path of wannabe-epicness).Wether it's the breathtaking cinematography, the incredible performances from the entire cast, or the tense and thrilling sequences that will have you bolted to the edge of your seat, Interstellar is an exceptional accomplishment in film and a must watch for anyone who loves thrillers, or just the science-fiction genre in general.The best film i have ever seen.The best experience I've EVER had in a theatre.Ambitious to a degree that it could never completely live up to, but nevertheless an incredible film.Interstellar has amazing special effects, a great cast, and a wonderful performance by Matthew McConaughey. Christopher Nolan has, again, did his very best, like for the Dark Knight Trilogy.Best space movie in a long time!Good film with incredible graphics and acting but very confusing :DThe term "flawed masterpiece" sounds like somewhat of an oxymoron and yet it is the only way I can think to describe Christopher Nolan's "Interstellar." How can it be a masterpiece if it contains flaws that are worthy of mention? Despite the fact that there are several irksome moments in this film, it still comes out the other side as a triumph of not just modern cinema, but a film that belongs in the same conversation as many of Hollywood's classics. I get it. That's incredibly high praise for a movie that I openly just admitted is flawed. The people who do not like this movie cannot stand its "overhype" and "over-praise." "Yeah it was really cool and I loved watching it, but I hate how everyone thinks it's like the best thing ever," is a comment I have heard from nearly a dozen friends of mine, and hey, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Now, I'm not sure why what other people think of a movie should bother you and the way you enjoy it, but I cannot get inside other people's minds (Christopher Nolan can though, thanks to "Inception."). "Interstellar" is the perfect balance of emotion, complex story, and the science to back it all up. Often times Nolan's films can become imbalanced between these three factors and you end up with something like "The Dark Knight Rises," which is heavy on plot details and very light on character development. Or you can end up with "Inception," with certain well-rounded characters, a complex plot narrative but slightly bogged down by confusing scientific details thrown right at you. Before now, I found "Inception" to be Nolan's greatest triumph and I still think it is his best blend of fun and serious, and is infinitely more re-watchable than "Interstellar," but this film manages to create something special without ever having to flinch. For the last few years, we've seen the dark, brooding Matthew McConaughey in "True Detective," "Mud," and "Killer Joe," and it's refreshing to see him playing a good old fashioned Texas boy again, but not in the annoying way that we have known in the past. Here we get him as Cooper, a pilot-turned-farmer when the world doesn't need his technical duties anymore. Throughout the film we feel the deep connection he has with his daughter, Murphy, played by Jessica Chastain, despite the fact that they never share the screen together, which is an achievement Nolan has never quite pulled off before. In "Inception" we understand Cobb's connection to his kids only because he constantly reminds the audience through dialogue how much he loves them, but we never get to see that love from his children's side. Here we see the love, contempt and complexities between the father and daughter because we are given access to both sides of the relationship. Unfortunately, the relationship between Cooper and his son, Tom, played by an underutilized Casey Affleck, is not nearly as firmly developed. We are treated to dozens of breathtaking images of foreign planets and fast-paced space travel with special effects that are as top-notch as they come. But we have come to expect that from Nolan at this point, which does not make it any less impressive but there is one new addition in "Interstellar" that has been noticeably absent from his from his other films: comedy. Early on we are introduced to TARS, a wise-cracking robot that goes on Cooper's mission. TARS is a breath of fresh air in the otherwise bleak world that Nolan has introduced us to. There have been moments here and there of comic relief in his previous films, there was some nice banter between Tom Hardy and Joseph Gordon-Levitt in "Inception," but it was not explored all that much and moments of comedy in "The Dark Knight Trilogy" were few and far between, often times not even working when they tried, unless you were some kind of psycho that relished in the Joker's one-liners. Finally we get a comic relief character that can properly ease the tension without feeling forced. I also must commend the development on TARS: often times robot characters with "personalities" just become humans with their own agenda that just happen to be made of metal and thus have no grounded reality (e.g. Fassbender in "Prometheus"), but TARS will be the first one to remind you that he is still just a robot and has to do whatever you tell him to. Thank you, Nolan, for giving cinema a fun robot that actually stays a robot. The film grips at difficult scientific and existential questions and thankfully, actually takes a stab at answering them, regardless of whether or not they are correct; instead of leaving them vague and open-ended in an unsatisfying fashion, the filmmakers decide that within the world of this movie, their answers are correct.My excitement for this movie started back in 2013 when the first teaser trailer was just released. Although the news of Christopher Nolan doing a space adventure had reached me before, it became mentally tangible after hearing that Zimmer theme for the first time with McConaughey's voiceover about our pioneering nature. After a year of trailers, interviews and TV spots, expectations were high for a movie directed by my favourite director and starring my favourite actor and actress (McConaughey and Chastain), so does it deliver? Not in the way I expected. In a not too distant future, frequent dust storms and the blight have led to a world deprived of food leading most of America to become an agriculture orientated society. With conditions worsening the only solutions seem to be off planet. The story was entirely engaging, Nolan created a very plausible threat (see dirty thirties) to propel the story into space; from there science becomes the driving force of the story. Gravity, black holes, relativity become problems that ignite raw human drama in a way I didn't think possible. When learning about time dilation you never really think about the impact it will make on a person, but in the film it is expressed in a close up of McConaughey's face that left me in tears. Although there is a lot of science and exploration, the film still focuses on human emotions. This is highlighted in most of the film with the bond between Murph and Cooper. It's no surprise that Nolan has brought together another strong ensemble cast including Ellen Burstyn, John Lithgow, Casey Affleck, Wes Bentley and of course Michael Caine all of which served their role and performed great as normal. The standouts are of course the main protagonists Cooper and Amelia Brand played by Matthew McConaughey (the McConaissance continues) and Anne Hathaway respectively. I was most impressed with Mackenzie Foy who brought to life Murphy in such an incredible way she is possibly the first child in a movie who doesn't annoy me (looking at you Iron Man 3 (2013)). Later portrayed by Jessica Chastain, although the characters don't share large amounts of screen time there father-daughter relationship resonates with the audience. Another character worth mentioning is TARS voiced by Bill Irwin. Both CASE and TARS were simply designed rectangular prism robots, but TARS especially was given a fantastic personality that you can't help but enjoy. The film surprised me with its large amount of laughs, mostly from interaction with TARS. The jokes never became excessive, staying in the sweet spot of making you laugh without changing the tone of the movie and becoming annoying. It was no surprise however, the sheer ambition of the film, daring to go so high in terms of exploring space and humanity. This leads to some of the most amazing imagery ever filmed. Especially in an IMAX cinema, the shots of space seem to consume you in its breath taking beauty. Hans Zimmer's score compliments the visuals along with the deafening sound mixing to provide a complete audio and visual spectacle. Watching the film, Christopher Nolan's inspirations can be very easily spotted. Ranging from all types of films, mainly Close Encounters Of The Third Kind (1977), Star Wars (1977) and of course 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968). Nolan has stated that he sought to make a family film akin to Spielberg films such as Jaws (1975) and in this respect I think he succeeded, this being a film I would share with everyone in the family. Although the influences are obvious it never feels in the film that he is just copying parts or trying to improve their works but instead, making his own movie stimulated by the other works. While visually stunning and emotionally compelling the film isn't without fault. For example the dialogue in the film is repetitive at times, especially Michael Caine's repetition of the opening lines of Dylan Thomas's poem "Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night." Also, at times, the plain overstatement on the importance of love isn't some of the best dialogue. Although I didn't have this problem, I could also understand how some of the third act may not gel with all audiences. Not much more can be said about that without spoiling the movie. Interstellar left me walking out of the cinema mind blown. I was in awe of the stunning visuals, the integration of science and its power to thrill, make me laugh and cry. Days after I am still thinking about the film, and will definitely return for repeat viewings. There are some other great and not so great parts which I can't elaborate on without giving away minor spoilers so I won't say more except the film may not be perfect but it is phamtastic.Movie of the year for meThought it was good....wifey did not....lolVisually striking and thought provoking. Nolans latest is one of his best.Amazing story... science/science fiction and a love story and a real astronaut super hero, too.The mastermind Nolan does an amazing job. Effects, music, history everything is perfect.While this film has lofty themes and some mind-blowing special effects, the tendency to to be too ponderous and repeat themes too often--not to mention take away a more tangible urgency to save the world--mars what could have been a sparer and more effective space saga. Still, this film is easily far better than 'Armageddon' managed to give us in fits and starts.Wow. Could watch this one over and over and get more out of it each time. Don't miss this one.Didnt really get it, really long and epic, the bookself end just ruined it for me!it's one of those movies where you get engrossed in the world on the screen. you join the main characters on their journey till the end. and after the credits roll, you process the information and you say to yourself: wait a minute, that didn't make a lick of sense! good stuff.enjoyed every minute. however, its inferior to inception and the dark knight trilogy...and i will not watch it again.A little long winded in the beginning but picks up nicely once they go into space. I also really enjoyed the science but one must really suspend disbelief with the ending.Directed by Christopher Nolan, the SF movie is thrilling, thought-provoking and visually beautiful. Matthew McConaughey nicely performs as an old-fashioned astronaut who is troubled with conflict between love for his daughter and love for human beings. It is bracing that the father and daughter compromise as I feel they are skeptical about love and future of human beings and just focus on love for families in most movies today.Where do I begin? Do I tell you that Interstellar has some of the best FX you will ever see in IMAX format? That it's being rightfully compared to Stanley Kubrick's classic 2001: A Space Odyssey in it's scope and ambition? Sure, undeniably, Interstellar is a gargantuan, 3 hour space epic that will blow your mind. It has to be seen in IMAX to be truly appreciated. But Interstellar is a winner as much for the emotional ride you take. Ever since he quietly dazzled with 2001's indie mindbender Memento, Nolan has delivered high-quality, contemplative entertainment (The Prestige, Insomnia), global blockbusters (Inception) and one of the best franchises ever in The Dark Knight trilogy. He is often accused of a lack of humanism in his work; however, he and fellow screenwriting brother Jonathan bear their heart and soul for this universe-spanning saga that's concurrently an intimate family drama. McConaughey continues to roll after his Oscar win last year for Dallas Buyer's Club. He stuns once again as an astronaut turned farmer who joins the last of NASA for one final mission to find a new home for humanity before our planet becomes unlivable - a giant dust bowl doomed by our irresponsibility. Whether that is actually happening in reality is just one of many debates to be had as you leave the theater. McConaughey rockets through worm holes and explores desolate planets with a cold, capable Anne Hathaway and two robot computer modules who at times entertain and exasperate. But he longs for his daughter stuck on Earth and played by the phenomenal Jessica Chastain. Already twice-nominated for best picture contenders The Help and Zero Dark Thirty, Chastain has four performances for the Academy to choose from this year. This may well be the one she is once again recognized for. All the actors navigate not only the starscapes designed by the Nolans and their mega-star production team (Hoyte van Hoytema behind the camera; Hans Zimmer creating another powerful score; costume designer Mary Zophres and art director Nathan Crowley), but the challenging philosopical and intellectual dialogue. There's a lot of mumbo jumbo you are asked to swallow and plenty of disbelief to be suspended to get through the plot. And we forgive those stretches because this is after all meant to be an epic entertainment. And at almost 3 hours, it better end well, right? You will have to go see it to find out.Not so much and I love Christopher Nolan!A marvelous mindbender Stephen Hawking would be proud of..Loved it. Top 3 of the yearIf you dont give this movie 5 stars, admit it your just too dumb to understand whats going on.Christopher Nolan returns in magnificent fashion to blow audiences away once again. Interstellar combines the tools to make a spectacular space adventure, with those that make a heart wrenching human story. Viewers are pulled out of the cinema seat and into a far off galaxy, but remain emotionally connected to the characters throughout. Hans Zimmer's soundtrack adds to the stories epic proportion of twists and turns, stunning visuals and strong character development. Nolan once again grips the viewer from start to finish, in what is the best film of 2014. In truth, I expected nothing less.Every technical aspect of Interstellar is grand: the masterful visuals, the score by Hans Zimmer, and the cinematography (as in almost every Christopher Nolan film). Matthew McConaughey's performance as a father longing to see his children is nothing short of great, and the rest of the cast is also on their A-game. The story is also great, although the ending leaves something to be desired. All in all, Interstellar is agonizingly close to being a master-class film, but falls just short. One of the best films of the year.I would give this movie a 5 star rating, but then I would have to write a review too long to defend that statement. If you love or even just appreciate Science Fiction movies, then you owe it to yourself to see Interstellar. It's scope and wonder capture you from minute one and you are constantly concerned about each character individually as well as collectively. The effects, acting, and the story all make this sci-fi flick phenomenal. If you have 165 minutes to spare, use them watching Interstellar.Very confusing and all around amazing!!!! I was very suprised whenever the plot changed...and changed...and changed again. I love confusing movies, which is why I loved this movie. Would recommend to... Everyone!!!!While the movie has a good story, and touched on my favorite geeky subjects, I feel as if the ending was rushed to keep time relatively (come on had to throw that pun in) shorter than it should have been maybe 4 hours plus or 2 movies would have been better.This would make a better TV series because even at almost 3 hours long, this film felt rushed because the subject matter is too immense to fit into only one film. I'm usually not a big fan of most sci-fi films but I was really into this because of the compelling and thought provoking story line as well as the intensity of many scenes. Though the final act was just too ambitious and in the end the execution just didn't pan out and took me out of what was a very immersive experience and just felt too cheesy and almost Disney like and wish it was done differently of just left out entirely. Still a very good watch and I plan to watch it again soon.Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway are odd choices as main stars of a sci-fi (as I can't help but associate those two actors with romance/comedy roles), but they make decent performance somehow. Hearing all the hype about this film, I prepared myself for a mind-bending story plot...something similar to Inception or Cloud Atlas. But apparently it is quite a simple sci-fi (though some of the physics jargon may require dictionary for the laymen). Christopher Nolan is able to strike a perfect balance between action and science that as long as one is attentive in watching this film, one could enjoy it without thinking too much.I wasn't sure really what to expect with this movie, but I had faith that Nolan would not let me down. This is truly an epic sci-fi movie and very much a direct descendant to Stanley Kubrick's classic "2001: A Space Odyssey." There are some surprising twists and turns along the way and an ending that is enough of a mindfuck to make up for the close to 3 hour running time. Anne Hathaway looks rather mannish, but Jessica Chastain continues to smolder anytime she's on screen. And McConaughey is a king in just about anything these days. I was also a fan of the uncredited cameo by another A-lister. All in all, a pretty solid movie. Much, much better than that piece of shit "Gravity."Amazing just amazing . it is required to turn off your brain to enjoy.Just didn't do it for me. Didn't make much sense and really insisted upon itself.This movie was a real trip. We should listen.enjoyed this movie. plot was grasping at points and the ending was muddled to say the best but overall well acted and executed. worth a watch.I liked this movie ......until it got weird. lol.great movie! well worth watching :)Kinda corny but still enjoyable. I've seen a lot worse from a science theory perspective.My dad promised me. In the future the surface of the Earth has become less inhabitable with inclement weather of severe conditions. The most important position on Earth are held by farms. Cooper is a former engineer and NASA space pilot. He now operates a farm. He is snatched up by NASA one day and told of an impossible mission that may lead to mankind existing on another planet. Cooper reluctantly leaves his family and promises to come back. Watch Cooper's mission while also seeing how his disappearance impacted his family. "I can't be your ghost. I need to exist." Christopher Nolan, director of Memento, Batman Begins, Insomnia, The Dark Knight, Inception, and The Dark Knight Rises, delivers Interstellar. The storyline for this picture is very intricate and comes together well. The action is intense and I loved how the movie concluded. The cast is awesome and includes Matthew McConaughey, Ellen Burstyn, John Lithgow, Anne Hathaway, Matt Damon, and Michael Caine. "We're not meant to save the world, we're meant to leave it." Interstellar is a movie I really wanted to see in theatres and recently grabbed from Red Box. I am a huge Christopher Nolan fan and was excited to see him and McConaughey working together. This film is very dynamic and comes together brilliantly in the end (it reminded me of Signs in a way). Overall, this film has a few blemishes but is very smart, well crafted, and a must see....and the father daughter relationship, beautiful. "Do you see your children?" Grade: Ainteresting story how NASA no longer existed and how textbooks were rewritten to state that space exploration like landing on the moon was a lie and then later proven it can be done. Starts getting really weird at the end.Tellement prenant comme film. Christopher Nolan comme rÃ©alisateur, vous pourrez constater les ressemblances avec le film "Inception" du mÃªme rÃ©alisateur.This is a sad/scary movie. The plot of it is amazing. The actors are so good and really resemble their character. I love it.Admirably Ambitious but Ultimately Underwhelming. I recognize the ambitious nature of this film (from the high-level science-fiction concepts to the extensive use of IMAX cameras in filming), but it really didn't come together for me like I was hoping and felt overlong. I don't know that I can recommend it as a great film to go rent, though it would probably have been fun to see in IMAX. I seriously considered seeing Interstellar in IMAX when it came out last year but I never got around to it. Now that it is out on Redbox, a poor IMAX substitute to be sure, I decided to give it a try. Plot Summary: In the not too distant future, Earth will become a dust-bowl with limited technology, dying crops and an ever more likely possibility of suffocation due to a rapidly deteriorating atmosphere. In an effort to save his family and his race, former astronaut (Matthew McConaughey) must join a desperate mission through space and time to locate a suitable planet for a new Earth colony. Target Audience: The 'Nolanites' (director Christopher Nolan's fan-base) constitute an obvious portion of the target demographic of this film, but they would come see the movie regardless of what it was about. Due to dramatic themes (such as survival, human extinction, mental instability, and prolonged separation from family and other loved ones) and due to the highly intellectual nature of the film, I would submit that the target audience is 13+ (if not higher than that). Score & Recommendation: 5/10 I struggled with whether I should even give it a 5/10 because, to be honest, I don't know that I would ever want to watch it again. This is definitely more up the alley of an Inception, in terms of the complex nature of the plot, but Interstellar's pacing is immensely slow, by comparison. Impressions: With a 2 hour 45 minute run time, Nolan was fighting an uphill battle from the start. Most audience members don't have the attention span for a film of that length; I would not consider myself to be an average moviegoer, in that respect, since some of my favorite films include Inception (2 hrs, 28 minutes) and Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2 hrs, 49 minutes). Despite my appreciation for and patience with lengthy films, Interstellar feels incredibly long. While there are frequent high-intensity moments throughout the film, they are often so long that they lose their momentum and just drag on. Unfortunately, since most of the more action-heavy elements didn't quite work for me (for the aforementioned reasons), when it came time for the less-engaging astrophysics lessons sprinkled throughout the film, I felt less enthusiastic about trying to understand all of it. Matthew McConaughey and his fellow cast members (including Anne Hathaway and Michael Caine, who have both worked with Nolan previously in the Dark Knight trilogy) do a great job portraying the depth of emotion that their characters must feel in that situation. I also found their robot companion, who is programmed with a sense of humor, to be pretty hilarious. The world that Nolan creates and the concepts addressed in the film are certainly thought-provoking but the pacing is painfully slow and, despite extensive build-up, it leaves a lot of loose ends by the time the credits role; and not the fun kind of loose ends that leave you chatting with your friends after the film, but the annoying kind that leave you upset that you just spent 3 hours watching a film that didn't wrap things up. I feel like the film really falls apart in the last half hour or so. In short, the base concept of the film is interesting and the acting is pretty good, but both the pacing and subpar storytelling cause the film to collapse under its own weight. Rating: PG-13 The official MPAA rating is "PG-13 for some intense perilous action and brief strong language." I agree with this assessment as the violence is very minimal (hand to hand conflict with a few non-graphic deaths) but the perilous situations are nearly constant throughout the film. I did find it odd that, despite relatively infrequent use of strong language, there is at least one (if not two) instances where the protagonist uses the F-word, which I found a bit jarring and unnecessary. FOR MORE FILM REVIEWS: check out my blog at www.cinemacommander.com. Thanks!Blast it into space and leave it there. The wormhole in place wasn't the biggest hole in this film, it was the plotThis movie is way beyond my imagination!One of the best movies I've ever experienced/seen.Boring, confusing, weird, there's a lot of things to call this movie but 5 stars is not one of them.beautiful special effects and an underline sadness makes this an emotional and action packed thrill. ending was mehA little late to the party on this film but I've finally seen it and I really enjoyed it. Visually it's one best examples of special effects and what they should be used for. The acting all works, everyone brings their A-game. The science to me never overwhelmed the story, while it was definitely over my head I can't say I felt like it was over explained or slowed down the pace of the movie like how I read in a lot of other people's reviews. Also as far Christopher Nolan goes I didn't feel his style clashed with this (originally) Spielberg story. As my friend R Jay said and I 100% agree that this is probably Nolan's most "human" film. Also I can say with all certainty that this is Hans Zimmer's best score thus far and given his career that is saying something. Any complaints? It may have been just little too long. But I can't think of anything in particular to cut to I'd say my only complaint is more of a nitpick that may change on multiple viewings which yes I do fully intend to watch this again some time.This movie started slow but made me cry i when it ended.The story shows the depth of love a father has for his daughter.a lot of boring stuff, but a lot of cool physics parts to go with it.I can't give this a "perfect" rating cause in my opinion, there's no such thing as a perfect movie. But this movie is by far one of the best movies I have ever seen in my entire life. It changed the way I look at science fiction films. It made me appreciate Hans Zimmer's incredible musical work and Christopher Nolan's insane amount of ambition that goes into every film he makes, but this is by far one of the most ambitious sci-if movies I might ever see in my lifetime. This movie is agonizingly close to a masterpiece and the more and more I watch it, the more I realize how much I love this film more than any other movie I have ever seen.very bad movies.DOSADNO zbrkano nezanimljivo na trenutke Konfuzan.Fantastic movie but ending was a convoluted stretch, could've been 5 stars with a better ending.Fascinating, enthralling, visually stunning and mind-blowing. A brilliant film in the making. I was stunned the whole 3 hours watching it. This is science at its best. From my understanding, the world is on the verge of an end. Like there's a phenomenon coming, making its people suffer from starvation and devastation. The guys from NASA are planning to move these people out into a new planet with signs of life. Yet, the plan turns out in a different way.The first part is kinda confusing yet interesting, where like ,they were attacked by a huge sand storm, that hits every crop and every household. And sh*ts happening like, wtf are those? Cooper's daughter Murph ( Mackenzie Foy ) always mentioning, there is a ghost, and the gravity. I mean, who is the ghost? What does gravity got to do with this? By the time Cooper was about to leave, she said a word to her dad to "stay" with an emphasis. I was thinking, there's really something going on, like you always wondering from the beginning of the story. And from being a part of a certain connection of the second half of the film.I was thinking Cooper is already a well trained astronaut before all of this. With his skills and experience, NASA convinced him to lead the guys of astronauts and make a space travel in search for a new planet, a new sign of life. The plan is, they'll go into a wormhole, and travel in the next galaxy. The funny thing is, as they warp into space to the next wormhole, they have already cheated time. It's already 23 years past. People are getting older in our world as they (the astronauts) never got aged wondering, what if that will happen in real life. I would say that is pretty interesting. I'm not a physics guy, but everything in this movie still interests me. Using quantum physics in a space travel. That is really sick man. The plot on this will not pleases anyone for sure, especially the climax of the film. Based on my understanding, Cooper was trapped inside a black hole and can manipulate time by using a Morse code and send a message to his daughter. He sends a quantum data by time traveling. It really sounds ridiculous and over the top, but still engaging as ever. The execution is still very "Nolan" to me. As they travel along, those mind blowing one take camera shot whilst space traveling. And it is superbly well made. Watching it on IMAX blows your mind even more. And the amazing and breathtaking views of the beautiful landscapes as they landed in several planets such as planet Miller, Mann and lastly Edmunds. Those are some of the most visually stunning landscapes in a Sci-Fi film. My eyes are filled of magical things on what is happening on the screen. And the IMAX moments are way longer than expected. I like the characterization. Anne Hathaway as Brand, I thought she was great on her role. She is very dedicated to her work as an astronaut / researcher. And she is willing to sacrifice everything just for Science. Matthew McConaughey as Cooper, I thought his performance was brilliant. You can really feel for his character as he does care as a father, and as a leader of the crew. I never thought of Matt Damon in this film till such time they arrived in planet Mann. As he is the asshole of this film. I thought he did a fantastic job. And my new favorite robot TARS.He is like the side kick of everybody. I love that they include a Robot in this film like he is the real life C3PO. But in all of that, I thought this is a fantastic movie. Not for everyone, but for someone who loves science fiction, or who appreciates the art of Science. This is a must watch. I did love it. I could think about it for a very, very long time. Christopher Nolan is a genius in terms of film making. You sir, are a genius. This is modern Science at its best and it is freaking hardcore.5/5What an indulgent, pukatronic sap-fest. You suffer through some half-decent albeit cliche sci-fi only to discover it's one of those, the-power-of-love-solved-it endings. BARF! Also, apparently being a farmer is demeaning. Much more demeaning than, say, driving your Lincoln into a black hole while spewing pseudo-metaphysical garbage about the meaning of life. Seriously, this movie felt like a continuation of that commercial. BARF, I say!A promising premise with great actors, unique dizzying effects and organ music out of this world still can't save this movie from the gravitational pull of Christopher Nolan's convoluted black hole of a script.Really really good film. The visuals were stunning and the story was compelling I was enthralled from start to finish!One of the best movies I've seen in my 18 years of life. This movie touched my soul.Very interesting movie, Loved it. bad thing is that some of it is too quiet and if your watching late at night you might fall asleep.Wow. This is the definition of me no blowing!Made me think in five dimensions. Mind blown from all the awesomeness.Just plain stupid. Waste of time.Siendo esto un auténtico espectáculo visual e interesante premisa y grandiosas actuaciones, la verdad, considero este el fime menos potente de Nolan, yéndose esta vez por la pretenciosidad y por los errores tan obvios en el transcurso del mismo gracias a su declive de la chispa tan característica de Christopher Nolan. Resumido, Hermosa Visualmente pero... argumentalmente sobrevalorada.Had to watch 2x to be confused more. A movie that has me raving to talk more about. Still many questions, but an interesting look towards outer space.The story line is amazingMeraviglioso. Commovente.Obviously a masterpiece, inspired by another one and hopefully gonna be remembered. The movie aside, global warming is happening and maybe sandstorms will be a symptom.Great special effects. WAY TOO LONG of a movie. I had to fast forward through lots of the boring talky stuff. Was very disappointed, I expected "edge of my seat" thrills, NOT. So much money spent on a movie that reminded me of many other movies.sci-fi / romance. explores the father daughter relationship. pragmatism vs. love. additionally the film presents the philosophical dilemma of sacrificing for the greater goodThere is simply no director like Christopher Nolan who goes above and beyond to leave our eyes amazed in wonder, our emotions go through a rollercoaster and our brains to think inquisitively. Every film he does seems like it goes to the far reaches of what our minds can handle and then alters it to make room for his next creation. With Interstellar he has perhaps reached his most daring and personable yet as he goes deep into the outer realms of space and time. It's easy for me to get on board a Nolan film, but having it not only look beautiful and have a story that's completely engrossing and somewhat conceivable is another. We may never reach the heights that this film does in our lifetimes, but it's important that we constantly look upon the stars for what we can achieve. And with this film, maybe inspire others to reach for something more. Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) was once a great pilot for NASA but has since moved on. He is now a farmer and an engineer. He has two young kids Murph (Mackenzie Foy) and Tom (Timothée Chalamet) who would age into Jessica Chastain and Casey Affleck, with Murph being incredibly intelligent and headstrong when it comes to science. She also likes to tag along with her father on assignments and such. They both soon find out the discovery of a top secret NASA base that no one knows about. Cooper soon finds out by his old teacher Professor Brand and father to Amelia (Michael Caine) that the world is dying and Murph's generation will be the last to survive. He enlists him to pilot a space ship with other astronauts Amelia (Anne Hathaway), Doyle (Wes Bentley) and Romilly (David Gyasi) to another galaxy through a wormhole to find a habitable planet for the rest of the planet to live. Tasked with such a difficult task proves hard on Cooper's daughter who can't bear to see him go. But to ensure that she along with the people of earth live, he has to risk his life for the greater good, but soon finds that it's a mission that is far harder than anything than anybody ever envisioned. When it comes to the stories in a Nolan film, they are always more than what they seem. There is always an underlining element in every tale that is wholly original. It doesn't stop here with Interstellar as the story was very well thought out in respect to various theories, thoughts, ideas and interpretations. I don't know much about space and the various laws of physics, but I do know that laws are always bended even in the most highly regarded films of all time. No film is ever 100% accurate in every retrospect so nitpicking that someone did this when a law said that shouldn't really be applied here. The point is to entertain, excite and amaze, not give you a power point presentation. When it comes to space, the laws are unpredictable and do so without rhyme or reason. So I bought in with whatever Nolan was selling since it's just a movie in the end. The story was incredibly engaging as it jumped through decades and dimensions in a matter of moments. It was very easy to be invested with the story since it is plausible; maybe not in the way that they are saying it, but something along the lines. It was also surprisingly funny in many parts where you wouldn't expect. It lightened the mood at times and was definitely needed to offset some of the heavier aspects of the film. It made certain moments that much better with an inclusion of comedy and not just have it be straight up drama and intense exploration of the mind. At the heart of the story is a man who wants to get back to his children and make amends with those he hurt. Much like other Nolan films like Memento and Inception who pine for those that was close to the main character. It drives the story amid all the craziness and gives it a more personable feel, knowing that Cooper may never see his kids ever again. It's by far his most emotional film where an impossible task is put fourth upon a man and thrown into the most unpredictable setting known to man. The drive to get back to what you lost makes you pine for him to reach his goal in the end. It was a very intelligent and well thought out script by Christopher and Jonathan Nolan. You could tell how much time and effort went in to flesh out nearly every aspect as humanly possible. It was incredibly hopeful and moving at times where you can see the struggle to survive within all of us. I think it's the Nolan's most complete script yet and actually feels like its worthy of mass importance. I didn't get a feeling of egotism or being impressed with one's self in regards to the Nolan's story telling. Nobody really makes big pictures anymore where a litany of questions is being asked to the viewer. Not many films are built up as big, presented as big, experienced as big and then loved and appreciated as big. It touches on all the right elements of love, wonder, fear, death, survival, life, new beginnings and so forth. The philosophical and psychological elements ushered throughout the film allowed it to stretch our minds on what we would do in the situation. They were all handled extremely well and put fourth what the cost of human life really is to you and if we don't explore the stars, we might as well shut down. I love movies that make you think deeply about the world and your own dreams and aspirations. Its perhaps one of the most uplifting films I've seen in a long while. It really makes you want to reach for that higher plane of being and discover what was once deemed impossible by men who don't know any better or are afraid to go after. It wasn't as confusing as I thought at first. Some of the technological and space aspects caught me off guard where I had to decipher what was being said in relation to the scene and the film, but overtime it eventually becomes one by the end. I understood much of it by the end but a simple look online will clear up any thoughts or questions. And then it's simple to understand, as well as you look at it from a movie director's perspective and not from say Stephen Hawking. It went by quicker than I expected where Cooper goes into space relatively quick. I became so interested with the characters on earth that I forgot that there is an entire universe that's to be explored. The three hours go by without even noticing and frankly it was worth every minute. I could watch it for another three hours and be as happy as a clam. When the team does get into space there are the standard complications that threaten to doom them all and they are presented incredibly well at the perfect time. I did get confused about the time difference on one place and how it related to other places sometimes. The time difference between earth and space made sense but got a little hard to understand when the characters were all in space and how it related to all of them individually. The ending was a gorgeous palette of colors and shapes that was mind-blowing and somewhat reminiscent of 2001: A Space Odyssey and just as trippy. It also features the now standard Nolan twist that bookends most of his films. His are some of the best in film that always continue to stir debate long after they were released with Memento, The Following, The Prestige, and Inception churning out some mind bending twist that no one sees coming from miles away. It's my favorite ending to his films by far and the most explorative where you think its ending but it's really only just begun. It's important to have the ending be as wide, expanding and free as space itself. McConaughey is the perfect hero to save the world and felt like the most human of all the heroes in Nolan's films. Seeing his struggle felt incredibly real and trying to understand something that is beyond his comprehension translated well on the screen. You feel his plight and pain as he watches his children grow in a matter of hours to grown adults. Seeing his distraught face wrought with tears and hardship was heartbreaking and a powerfully sentimental moment in the film. The McConaissance is in full swing as he has grown to a fully emotive actor as well as powerfully capable of handling whatever material is thrown at him. He was strong, headfast and dedicated to his mission with his kids firmly on his mind at all times. The dual performances by Chastain and Foy were very impressive with the latter being far better than anticipated. Foy shows great poise with herself displaying anger, confidence and sadness. For such a young actor, she takes on the role with much experience and assuredness. She was strong as well as vulnerable when faced with the dire situation of potentially never seeing your father again. Chastain was great as the older, wiser and angrier Murph with an increased somber tone that only sees the worst happening. Her performance really anchored the film in the latter half, bringing out the needed desperation and anguish of the story on earth. Michael Caine was spectacular as you would expect as the father figure to the entire mission as well as the last hope for furthering away the extinction of the human race. He was perfect in the wise, old sage role dispelling words of advice to Cooper and Amelia or reciting a classic poem in Do not go gentle into that good night by Dylan Thomas. Hearing him say that throughout the film gave me chills because it was so resonant to the plight of the mission and was a bearing of hope for the astronauts who don't know if they can go on any longer. The rest of the astronauts presented a more subdued performance but makes sense since Cooper and his love for Murph is the emotional core of the film. Everyone had time to shine and a scene to show their character. Romilly had a great scene where he explained how bizarre it is that a few inches of metal are between him and the empty vacuum of space. Amelia was somber as she expressed how love is the only thing that can transcend space and time despite everything that could go wrong around them. Her and Cooper get the worst of it as they become more emotionally distraught. At times, she seems more hopeless than Cooper and you feel sadder all the more for it. TARS (Bill Irwin) were one of the most entertaining aspects of the film. The technologically advanced robot with artificial intelligence guided the astronauts throughout their mission and provided data to them when they see fit. I loved the interactions that TARS had with everyone as it allowed for some great dead pan humor from everyone. You quickly become attached to him even though he is a robot and you kind of wish you had one yourself. He provided some great one liners that broke up the seriousness tone of the film. TARS is easily on the list of the coolest cinematic robots. The special effects were perhaps the greatest I have ever seen on film and it simply could not have been better. You will watch with your mouth aghast, eyes opened and will make you feel like you are eight years old. Event films like these only come around every once in a while and that's exactly what this was. How many films can command sold out IMAX screenings all over America like it's no big deal? It was like watching a moving painting onto the screen and almost like you could go out and grab it yourself. It's an experience that is well worth the high ticket price. For all the press that 3-D gets, it's never really used to its full potential. IMAX on the other hand is used for more dedicated, experienced filmmakers who see past the trivialities of 3-D. IMAX was made for films like these where other screens wouldn't not only diminish the movie but the special effects and the fully immersive viewing experience. If one were to see one film in IMAX, this would be it. It's going to be incredibly hard to top Interstellar in terms of scope and vision on this massive screen. The cinematography by Hoyte van Hoytema was gorgeous and it completely transports you into space where space is infinite. You see how large and how far everything is, making the emptiness of space that much more imposing and terrifying. The camera movements were slow and deliberate at times, allowing one to take in the massive landscapes of possibly inhabitable planets. Composer Hans Zimmer once again out did himself with another masterful score to a gorgeous and amazing film. It's not as intense as say The Dark Knight or Inception but is far more emotional and personable. One of my favorite compositions and scenes was when Cooper was leaving to go to space and the countdown went along with him driving tearfully away from Murph who wanted to say goodbye. I believe the title was Stay and was exceptionally beautiful how it translated so well to loss and leaving one behind. The use of pipe organs made for a soundtrack that is different than any other Zimmer has done for Nolan or any other director. It was hypnotic at times as well as subdued to give the dazzling and isolated climate of space a more palpable feeling. But it made the more intense moments an added panache that sucks you in. Christopher Nolan knows how powerful and meaningful films can be and how big they can aspire to be. He makes films for viewers who want to see something different on an epically large scale where nothing is as it seems. With Interstellar, he raises the bar on every film he's ever done and presents a film unlike anything else. While I love Inception, Memento, The Dark Knight Trilogy and The Prestige, Interstellar just feels more important and something that will last longer in the minds than Nolan's past films. With such a deep understanding of the material, he adapts it very well and also adds his usual dramatic flair to shake things up a little bit. He knows how to use ideas such as REM sleep, magic or amnesia into its own entity that no one else would have been able to do so well. He brings out the best out of everyday topics and uses real life theories with his own creativity to make an all-encompassing world unlike anything else. They sure don't make em like this anymore is something that may be heard after leaving a screening of Interstellar. And that person may be right as this is simply a once in a lifetime experience that has to be seen to be believed. This film isn't perfect but what movie really is. I don't comb over a film that is universally loved by many to find some plot points that may be implausible or unproven. Something should be just left as is and the message should be accepted more than whatever theories are thrown about. The science should not be debated ad nauseum but more so the universal will of man and survival that is within us all and what one would do to ensure that they don't become an exciting species. When one obsesses about the science, they miss out on what it's trying to say and where the human race can potentially go for millennia's to come. There is no way to be prepared for something like this and is best to let oneself go, strap yourself in and prepare for the most awe inspiring, beautifully shot, emotionally powerful film one would see all year. I only wish I could erase my mind and become amazed all over again. Not many films have elicited this type of emotion out of me, but then again this isn't an everyday type of movie. Five wormholes out of five.Interstellar will remain with audiences long after the IMAX door close. It contains three key elements, which make it truly memorable, but also three important elements, which restrict it's appeal. The memorable aspects are as follows: (1) Audience Trust, the director Christopher Nolan gives the audience a galactic amount of scientific jargon to digest and understand as the narrative flows; we the viewers, may not get it all the first time and that is why multiple viewings are recommended; (2) Respecting Sci-Fi Forefathers, Nolan pays due homage to Star Wars (1977, George Lucas) with the droids and Han Solo-esque spaceship acrobatics; the most frequent comparison is 2001: A Space Odyssey (1967, Stanley Kubrick) because the scope, feel, and images contain copious amounts of 2001; (3) Matthew McConaughey, McConaughey imbues his widower NASA pilot Cooper with an everyman pathos; it helps that he never breaks down at critical moments and is always propelled forward by familial love. However, Interstellar may try to imitate 2001: A Space Odyssey in scope, but it falls short in substance. The following are the film's shortcomings: (1) No Villain, 2001 contained HAL 9000, but Interstellar doesn't contain any antagonist that powerful. There is the Matt Damon character of Dr. Mann who comes closest and should be a storyline developed more fully. Nolan made the character very human (hence his name Hugh Mann), and his faults contain the conflict we the viewers seek and empathize with the most; besides when do you ever get to see Matt Damon break bad? (2) Focus on Outer Space and less on Earth, a third of the film occurs on planet Earth setting up the plot puzzle for the film's climax, but we the viewers get bogged down in earthly drama when (honestly) we all came to look at the stars and the character's interaction among them. (3) Anne Hathaway is the wrong choice for Cooper's astronaut-scientist co-pilot. She looks uncomfortable in the role (word is she almost got hypothermia while filming water scenes in Iceland). As much as Nolan wants her to be, Hathaway is not Charlize Theron (of Mad Max fame); she does not hold that kind of stoicism. Hathaway seems more emotionally fragile when that character she plays should be strong. In the end, Interstellar will gain a larger, cult following over time. 2001: A Space Odyssey gained the same momentum back in the 1960s after the Apollo Moon Missions, Lunar Landings, and Space Station Construction. So, over the decades when NASA and Mars Missions become more active, so will future interest in Interstellar.The movie is just way too Slow. The Nolans got into this idea of time malleability vis-à-vis gravity and proceeded to beat us over the head with it. It was just plain hard to follow at times. I gave it two stars because I like Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain. Matthew McConaughey has kept his record on my "dislike list" intact--the last movie I liked him in was "Contact".Good but convoluted.Phenomenal, insightful, and a visual smorgasbord. Despite its length, Interstellar manages to engage and ensnare the mind constantly from start to start again. Brilliant cinematography and some of the finest acting from McConaughey to date. 4.5 stars!there are those who hate this movie and those who love it. I wasn't a fan of the movie after the first viewing but i am developing a fondness to this movie after each additional viewing. great effects and thought provoking storyline.The first 20 minutes of the film were promising. From there it took on unrealistic view of space time and black holes.Ah it was a peaceful sci-fi and it is hopefully recommended as the best film of 2014/2015/2016 because I really enjoyed it, thumbs up to Christopher Nolan plus Arny's movie Terminator salvation will probably be fantastic I promise for a reviewBeautiful film but the science is too complex for an old joe like me :)I am an admirer of Nolan's work. Of all of his movies this is one I am likely to watch again. The first half was interesting. There were newish concepts (a wormhole is actually a "worm-sphere") which works to an extent. Nolan, much like Bay, cannot seems to tell a story without his same vision being rehashed with special effects.Slow. Numbly dialogue. Really couldn't wait for it to end.Incredibly mind blowing and phenomenal... this movie is not only well acted and well written, but makes you sit back for a second and just think to your self "wow". Personally my new favorite movie.A colossal mass of confusion and fascinating all at the same time. Not quite sure I understand what I just saw, LOL, but it's certainly one of the heaviest, ambitious sci-fi dramas I've seen in some time. Think 2001: A Space Odyssey. Another terrific performance by Matthew McConaughey.Questionable science, silly ending, but fun exploration.I really wanted to love this....then I hoped for like...I ended up praying for acceptance. I was thrilled when it finally ended.1.5 hours in and this movie is boring and depressing me severely. I have no idea why this gets such high ratings. 0_o I'm not even sure I'm going to be able finish the snooze fest with it being almost 3 hours long.Visually the movie is stunning, the first act is a little slow but once you get in for the ride your eyes are glued to the screen. Great performances all around McConaughey is great, and keeps you believing in him as a character.Starts off slow; stay tuned because this film is so mind blowing. Not just your typical space movie. Its one of the best sci-fi, futuristic setting. With a great story line. Its about black hole discovery, Love, and a family bond. I am very impressed. A must see. I sure hope they make a sequel.Story sucks you in. Lots of twists n turns. Kind of far fetched ending but its coolUnsatisfying. This is the first Christipher Nolan film I haven't loved. Good acting, solid premise; but like most high-concept sci-fi (I'm looking at you, "A.I."), it unravels at the end into an illogical, overlong, recursive "wormhole" of its own design, and in its attempt to be profound it becomes tedious. I really hope Nolan's brilliance isn't going the way of Shayamalan's.A journey from science-fiction to fantasy.I just say " pretentious "absolutely beautiful film -- thought-provoking, inspiring.Pretty interesting movie - Makes wish I could travel in space. Lost me with the ending.Was an okay movie, pretty boring for the most part, some of the ideas of other worlds to be colonized were neat, but the presentation was, well, boring.It's a father-daughter story first, and a science-fiction story second.Nice to see such an intellectual movie complete with beautiful cinematography as well as a great plot. Wonderful acting and nice eco-friendly message tucked in. See it if you have the chance and if not, just go see it.Really boring. I wanted everyone to die. I walked out twice and came back. Then walked out for good. I don't really care how it ends. As long as it does.Not bad, but not great. Matthew overacts in his usual style. The bookshelf story line was inane. I also had a hard time believing that the relativistic time dilation would be as great as it was portrayed for a wormhole trip, but that's just me being pedantic.Every couple years, a sci-fi comes around that is inspiring and though-provoking. A bit of this may be a bit too out there for some viewers, but overall it's a very satisfying film that ties in a wonderful father-daughter relationship by two excellent actors.One of the most memorable movies i have ever seen. Nice intricate plot, incredible acting and visual effects worth seeing. Definitely a movie you should watch.I'm a huge space nerd. Loved this movie. Matthew McConaughey is amazing as Coop. Anne Hathaway was fine, but not a stand out. Christopher Nolan is a genius and this movie is just perfect for me.As emotionally harrowing as it is cerebral, Christopher Nolan's Interstellar mixes the trappings of hard sf like Kim Stanley Robinson with genuine human drama. Interstellar unfolds like a space epic that explores the nature of love, humanity, extinction, survival, and the very nature of space, time, and reality. Beautifully filmed, Interstellar proves once again that Christopher Nolan does not make sub-par movies and that he has the ability to bring challenging and original cinema into the mainstream.Interstellar is visually appealing movie with futuristic worlds and ideas, but even with these strengths the storyline never quite made it anywhere. The movie was a long adventure with a beginning and an end, but the middle was chalked full of...well...nothing. There were some strong ideas in the film, but Interstellar dropped the ball when it came to portraying these story-lines in an enjoyable manner. None of the characters made a good connection and ultimately were not worth caring for. Watching this film was like waiting for something good to happen, but then being disappointed because nothing ever occurred. The film had no real memorable moments, no excitement, no connections with any oft he characters; it was just blank space.Big names, lots of CGI and beautiful images, but story is almost incompetent, never mind bad.Its the 2001 Space Odessy of our generation (of course it has dipping into that play book too). Hans Zimmerman deserves to be kissed for this soundtrack. Its incredible. The film itself is intense and gripping. On the big screen you feel like you are holding your breath. Little screen isnt as dramatic but the film still holds its own. Its bold and interesting with some plot twists coming left field with others being on the predictable side. This film is a powerhouse of talent, visually stunning, amazing sounding and good acting. If nothing else its worth watching for just how pretty it is to look at.At first I absolutely had no idea what was going on but after giving it a second honest look it was great. The message, the plot, each and ever character throughout the film is spectacular. Thrilling and emotional till the end.Not perfect, but doesn't need to be. Epic in span and endlessly re watchable. And the score will give chills.I love everything about this movie.Brilliant, Thought provoking, beautiful, great music, but matthew mcconaughey.Love it, so deep and make you think. A real masterpiece.CreÃ­a que iba a estar mejorThis movie is a thoroughly engaging and entertaining masterpiece of cinematography! Yes it has its flaws. Ignore them, and just enjoy it.great effects, good story, bad cliches, but still and excellent movie.Awesome! Experience Relativity!!Spectacular film! Worth every last bit of hype it received critically and via box office returns. Jessica Chastain and the sound editing are worthy standouts in a movie that is full of amazing qualities. Not only does it work on a narrative level, but this piece of work sets a magnificent precedent for how relativity is visually represented in film. I was not a huge fan of the last 3-5 minutes, which seemed very uncharacteristic of a Nolan work, but everything else was so great that I'll allow it.i love this movie i wish i saw this in IMAX because this was just amazing.Was very boring, convoluted, and hugely disappointing.I did enjoy the movie, and the science is very good. They made the plot a bit confusing, it is a very unusual movie.Much more plausible (for the genre) than Gravity with a seemingly more realistic depiction of space and the daddy/daughter story to give it heart.You either love it or you don't get it.Good plot...sometimes hard to follow. This movie is about 30 minutes too long; the story lin gets bogged down. Good movieDespite its 'grand themes', quantum theory and strong performances this was a bit of a snoozefest. Damn that lengthThoroughly enjoyable sci-fi - epic story and very little nationalism (nice change)awful. left movie theatre halfway through and went and sat in the airport for two hours to play on my phone instead.Ambitious and transcendent, perhaps to a fault, Interstellar takes the viewers as far as it can reach, even if, at times, it oversteps its bounds intellectually.Too confusing at times. Not sure what happen at the end of the movie but it was interesting!Interstellar is a near-masterpiece. So much here is just sitting back and mastering at the intelligence of the director and his ability to have faith that people like intelligent blockbusters. It's what makes him great. Interestingly, yes, it's hard to follow. The beauty here is that the audience is never undermined, and this film captivated me. Admittedly, the music is a little overdone and McConaughey's accent is sometimes frustrating. But the director shows a seamless ability to merge intelligence with emotion and the results are truly riveting. The cast is absolutely spot on and both Michael Caine and Anne Hathaway are excellently cast. Jessica Chastain once again shows her ability to pick intelligent dramas and is a tour-de-force here. This film is very much directed towards a specific demographic. Anyone not moderately adept at physics will come away cold and uninspired. This film is for us, and we eat it up like black holes. The story, the script, the characters, the direction, the effects. Everything in this film is seamless and this is the director's first true film where he employs you to marvel at the background for minutes on end. And it's fantastic. This film is very thought-provoking, and I came away wondering if someone has ever created a better example of physics for the masses... What this film is, is a sensational blend of science fiction and the human condition.Great visual slightly confusing ending but not badA movie of such unbelievable blandness, I don't remember one scene that was interesting, stimulating or well written. If you want to see a really bad movie that forgot to have any plot whatsoever, you'll love this one. That Nolan got away with putting this piece of dung out; that the studio didn't see what was coming is the best reason of all why browsing your Netflix Instant makes you sick in your stomach. Hollywood really doesn't know a thing about making a good movie. But they sure can market a bad one.This is my favorite movie of all time. It inspired me to study the beautiful science that it involves. Interstellar has a heartbreaking, heart stopping, and heartwarming story. The visuals blew me away, along with the excellent score by Hans Zimmer. This is an epic movie that will really be appreciated in the future just like 2001.Super Nolan It should be more than 72%... maybe 85??Great premise, but never delivered for me. Felt I needed to see the end just to see the movie end.Amazing movie. One of those you'll watch again to better understand because it was so good kind of movies...Amazing movie... Hadn't seen a movie of this magnitude of substance in tbe longest time! Wow. Bravo Nolan. Everything about it is just awesome. If you're brain dead though, dont watch it.A fantastic film that is perfect all the way up until the ending, which drops majorly. The space and family scenes are brilliant. The ending just falls very, very short.A bit slow at times, but it had some interesting aspects. Damon's performance was a breath of fresh sinister cowardly air. The fourth dimension showed some interesting conceptualizationAmazing film, terrible soundtrack. So who gave the coordinates? Why is it that people do time riddles that make no sense. The coordinates wouldn't have been noticed if it wasn't for Cooper pushing the books but he never would have pushed the books if he didn't get the coordinates. The only justification is that time branched with the gravitational communications and memory of a previous reality where he ended up in the bookcase world was wiped. So essentially, every string created a different future. Not very well explained in the movie. To reiterate, music was absolutely terrible organs and violins, there is a significant lack of style, especially when a robot is one of the most humorous characters but still a great visual and though provoking film. If movies deserve 5 stars, then although not in the same league as Donnie Darko or Apocalyse Now.. 5 stars??????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????? ?????????????Pretty pictures, full of crap philosophy, incompletely ingested physics (well, the physics is better than the climatology and biology, which isn't saying much. Too many sequences going on for too long, where Nolan, as usual, refuses to kill his babies and ending with pure deus ex machina, though by that time I didn't fucking care about anyone at all. Pretentious twaddle. Very pretty, but far, far too long.Interstellar lives up to its premise by breaking into new dimensions of science-fiction. Instead of simply revising the same old clichés (ie. puny Earthlings fighting against superior alien invaders) like every other science-fiction film ever, it dares to venture into uncharted territory, and does so spectacularly. By breaking conventions, this film sucks us in. However, for a movie so scientific, its foundations lie on a sort of Deux-ex-machina where the protagonists are handed their solutions on a silver platter. While the seemingly supernatural phenomena are explained in the story, it only just does so, creating a reason for the audience to detach from the film's believability. In addition, the story falls victim to the writers giving the audience the ending it wants so that the story falls back into the mould of its predecessors and distracts from how truly ingenious the plot is: much like a bitter aftertaste to a great drink. In short, this movie goes above and beyond in many ways: visually stunning, well acted, and thematically deep. However, certain points, though few, hold back the true potential of its ingenuity.great movie up to half way. then it goes full retard. you never go full retard.While 2014's arguably most polarizing film has a problematic conclusion, I was able to appreciate the film's excellent visual effects, acting (Most notably from Matthew McConaughey, Jessica Chastain, and Mackenzie Foy), and score from Hans Zimmer. The dialogue was also pretty strong, and there were quite a few memorable scenes because of intensity and emotional impact. I would go as far to say that this is one of the films of 2014 that essentially everyone needs to see just for the sake of interpretations. Verdict: A-Very long, but worth it.Have NO idea why this won an academy award. I am a SciFi nut and I thought this was poorly scripted and most of the story line made no real sense. Just another "something sciency happens and disaster strikes" book/film. I am tempted to read the book to see if it is even half as bad as the movie. The scene between father and daughter couldn't have been more stupid or malformed. Hey, Dad, I moved on so go away and go find your thinly veiled love interest. if you miss it, you won't miss it.It was ok, but lacked enough action for me.Another great movie from the workshop of the Nolan bros. The only think it is lacking is a better cast and more real relationship between the cast, and the characters itself. Beautiful movie, with a great score from Hans Zimmer as well!I was really looking forward to Interstellar and it certainly did not disappoint. This is one of the most visually-striking films I've ever seen! The music is also very beautiful, one of Hans Zimmer's best. It is also very though-provoking and I really cared about the relationship between Cooper and his daughter. But WOW is it long! There is also a lot of exposition involved so it can be very hard to follow, which is typical for a Nolan film. A really well done film, you just need to spare almost 3 hours.Nolan is the man, this much is easy, I can see how people would say this movie is too long or maybe slow, I didn't feel that way for the most part. Granted it doesn't move very fast but Nolan never makes a fast paced movie and this has the usually steady pace that seems very deliberate in setting you up for the last hour that reveals the twist or twists and turns he gives you. Now this movie was predictable in one major twist, you will see it coming but how the other twists played out and the effects and execution of the last hour was pretty awesome. It will make your brain hurt a bit trying to wrap your head around everything and I will say it did lack when the last hour played out. The very end will leave you wondering and wanting to find out more, that is for sure.I was a bit disappointed in this movie. It took a lot more imagination than I thought would be necessary. While, I liked the aging perspective of the show... The twist with the ghost and the girl... And how time was represented just bothered me. The hands of the watch sending a binary message that just was never understood until the climax seemed too desperate to tie things together. Movie itself was well done. And the building of relationships was quite solid too.Truly a spectacle. If you're into astrophysics this will speak to you on a spiritual level.Confusing before the end, which is typical of Nolan's films. But I loved it. I would recommend it to anyone into Sci-Fi. Just be prepared to think a bit. Not a movie you can just relax and wait for a conclusion. You will be on the edge of your seat.Love the movie. The main reason for four stars is because the "background music" is so loud in some scenes that it is difficult to hear the actor's dialog. This was true when I saw it in Imax and on the Blue ray.A thinking man's sci-Fi blockbuster, Interstellar is as epic in it's ambition as it is in scale and visual effects. It's refreshing to have a movie set in space that is still about the people; human conflict and family dramas rather than battling aliens. The cast are all exemplary, more than up for the challenge and it almost works. It's a shame in the last act the plot gets sucked into a black hole, literally and metaphorically. After 3 hours of exploration and build up, the climax is a rushed blitz of nonsensical gobbledygook that leaves you feeling a little shortchanged.Matthew McConaughey needs to stop whispering. Speak up Boy!!!! So annoying! Taking the accent a little too far. Other than that the movie was pretty good.Like Nolan's previous film "Inception" Interstellar is visually appealing and interesting, but fell short of engaging me for its full 3 hours.Interstellar is a fantastic smart science fiction film with great visuals and great acting and a plot that will keep you hooked in and clinched wanting more. This is a must see even if your not a big fan of Sci-Fi films.Though the film has a clunky final act, with too much Hollywood-sweetness added to it, this is a great example of a proper space opera, and it goes where few great theoretical-science fiction-films have gone before. Teaching us to not go gentle into that good night. For the full review, go here: http://imjeffreyrex.com/television-literature-and-film/reviews/2014-2/interstellar-2014/Great movie. Briliant cast and acting supports the original scenario and visuals. Thought-provoking.Not one for Sci-fi movies but this was incredibly! Definitely worth the watch!Moderately interesting plot, some nice visuals and an interesting take on the future of civilization. However, the movie is painfully long and suffers from shallow characterization and a weak, melodramatic plotline.this movie takes us to another level, emotional, brilliant, must watch movie.Interstellar: "The end of earth will not be the end of us." A day is coming when Earth, home to humanity will no longer have what it takes to sustain life. It is up to man and man alone kind to save our existence. Although this movie makes a very arrogant assumption regarding mankind's future abilities, it made for good entertainment.Typical Nolan - wonderful, exciting and thought provoking, but hard to digest.Story a little hard to follow, got wierd later on.a better writer would do.When I bought this movie on amazon i was very excited. I had heard good things about it. After viewing it i can happily say that it lived up to all expectations. All the actors did phenomenal jobs. I felt like i could really connect with Cooper( Matthew McConaughey). I understood the desperation felt by cooper and his longing to see his family again. I understood the reason for Dr. Mann's( Matt Damon) betrayal. The scenery in the movie was fantastic as well. I personally loved the way the wormhole looked. Just a clear sphere floating in space with some distortion around it. The inside of the black hole was also amazing. Overall a really great movie though not perfect. Some of the science wasn't 100% correct but it made up for it with amazing special effects and an engaging plot. I would definitely recommend that anyone who hasn't seen it yet watch it.Though suffers from some slow pacing, Interstellar is still visually brilliant and very ambitious, and is chock-full of some wonder!Stunning film, one of the best films I've ever seen, 5 stars ?It's a Sci-Fi Love Story.best sci-fi movie i've ever seenstunning and epic piece of filmmaking.Fantastic sci-fi movieAmazing, the score, the acting, everything!!!!This movie keeps you on your toes.This movie is fine for entertainment, maybe even a good choice, but if you are expecting to take it seriously do yourself a favor and skip it. Unless you enjoy watching movies with the sole purpose of nitpicking and making fun, in which case this becomes a great option as it's full of plot holes, hollywood cliches, cheesy acting and all those fun flaws that make for a great banter experience.Loved it but I love Sci-fi usually anyway awesome storyline & very inventive really interesting.An awe-inspiring epic that will make everybody want to grow up to be an astronaut. For the most part the plot stays grounded and down to earth but it does blaringly leave orbit once or twice (space puns.) It's story sure is out there, but for every bit of crazy, there's a bit of reality and grit to it. Themes such as family bonds and love shine through brighter than the stars. You grow to care for the characters and their actions throw heavy hitting punches. This is a must see.A movie who's entire premise based notion that humanity can be saved based on exploiting the best parts of a human being, a lie, and doing the wrong thing for the right reason is not worth the type set the writer chose to print it on.It was ok. I wasn't overly impressed with this film. I thought Matthew McConaughy and Anne Hathaway were both miscast. It would have been better with two different actors in those roles. Maybe I heard too much hype beforehand, but I found myself looking at my watch repeatedly trying to figure out when it would be over. 2 1/2 STARS.I felt like I spent half a day watching this. If it had been an hour shorter, I would have enjoyed it much more. There's too much filler, and the last half hour of the movie is a hot mess that really feels like the writers just ran out of ideas and threw an ending together. Overall I didn't hate it, but it definitely needed more editing.One of the most engaging and breathtaking movies I have ever seen. Scientific accuracy aside, even the most uninformed person in the world should be impressed by the beautiful imagery and music in Interstellar. This is a movie that should be watched more than once. It definitely has details and plot elements that could be easily missed the first time.I want to be an astronaut now. God like eye candy...I saw and read a few (non spoiler) reviews of this movie before watching it. They all treated this movie like a long boring movie that's full of flaws. I really didn't notice any of that. It starts you right in the new world without some explanations and you actually have to pay attention to see what's going on. I had to stop the Blu Ray twice though, to explain some theory to my PhD carrying cousin. Also the 3 hours go by like it's nothing. I got real angry though when he used the f-word and they just muted this one word which is readable in the captions though. That doesn't belong on a blu ray. I know, only 1 per PG-13 movie but this is the Home release make it unrated, what's the problem? Despite that flaw that got me angry I loved this movie. Surely the best movie I saw since Predestination. Most of what you see in this movie is based on actual science. Every actor gave his or her all in this piece. Definitely worth a blind buy if you missed it in the theatres.The first two hours of the film stay true to Christopher Nolan's nature. Well-developed and interesting characters are brought to life with a mixture of unmatched storytelling and stunning visuals. The scenes set in outer space are absolutely breathtaking and make the film worthwhile, despite its length. My biggest complaint with this film is the plot twist. While Nolan's films often contain confusing elements, Interstellar's twist was beyond baffling and, honestly, stupid. Without giving anything away, I found this scene to be unbelievable (not in the same way the beautifully constructed galaxy is) and, even, cartoonish. Additionally, the film ran a bit too long, in my opinion. Overall, the film is definitely worth a view, but don't expect to be dazzled by the conclusion. It is truly pretty awful.The first half hour or so (Earth scenes) were rather boring. Once they got into space, I couldn't turn away from the screen.This movie was sooooooo long and boring. How in the heck was it nominated for so many awards? I gave it 1 star for the movie and another half star for the big wave scenes.I am a huge science/science fiction fan , but this movie was utterly boring, the science behind it could have been really great ,but the characters were not engaging and what have could have been a great story fell flat.We've always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible. And we count these moments. These moments when we dare to aim higher, to break barriers, to reach for the stars, to make the unknown known. We count these moments as our proudest achievements. But we lost all that. Or perhaps we've just forgotten that we are still pioneers. And we've barely begun. And that our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us, because our destiny lies above us.This movie won me over with its attention to details. From the actual science behind the black hole to the state of the New York Yankees, this film is subtly infused with a lot of humanity while hurtling through an alien galaxy. McConaughey continues to impress. Although, there isn't a lot of human emotion displayed save for one of his breakdowns, the tone is continuously laced with empathy. In terms of space movies, it is unique. There were, however, several scenes that could have been cut in the editing process to shave some time off of its drawn out 169 minutes.This is an above average futuristic movie for sure. However, it is a very long one. My experience has been that guys love it girls are mixed. It's a more emotional movie than one might expect. I would have given it a 4-star rating if it wasn't so slow-paced. It's a fairly deep movie, but if you're a true intellect (and I mean well above average in your understanding of physics, logical reasoning, and metaphysical theory), you will find absurdities in the concepts. Yet, for the rest of us, it's intriguing, captivating, and even motivational. I think it's worth your time. I saw it in theaters and own it on Blue Ray (watched it again, already). Excellent acting and special effects. Fantastic storyline. Moving!It's heavy to watch by the long time of traveling, But it's a great work of artIntense, intelligent, creative and mind boggling, Interstellar proves that Christopher Nolan is an amazing film maker and that he really knows how to get onto the creative side.Stupid, Drawn out... WAY TOO MUCH TALKING...Good movie but with a confusing ending. The story and soundtrack are very good, the visuals are excellent. The "near future" is well constructed but with little explanation, however we see that the main focus in this movie is the characters and their strungle with the surviving of the human race and their own humanity. This could be a whole different movie if the ending was not too "sci-fiish"Finally caught Interstellar and it was a masterpiece of Science Fiction film. Loved every second of it from the soundtrack, down to the very well researched science behind the plot. It transported me to another dimension and now I feel like I just came back from space....Visually impressive but incredibly overrated in my opinion. McConaughey is decent enough tho I found Hathaway rather cloying. Just massively overreached itself and tried too hard to be the new 2001!Awesome sci-fi movie,But ending somewhat non-realistic.It wasn't even entertaining! It failed to suspend my disbelief. Let me get this straight - a powerful interdimensional intelligence pulls man through space and time, but can't change a simple molecule to save the planet? What kind of premise is this? And then there's the cast of throw away, half-dimensional characters. This movie makes me want to never pay for another movie ever again!!! It just made me dread spending $50 to put my baby girl in daycare so I could have a date with my wife end endure this garbage. I'll see my movies from Russian websites from now on, thank you very much Nolan. You are ruining Hollywood.Christopher Nolan has always been one of my favorites, this movie although mind-blowingly amazing would be better off being called a documentary with its length of almost three hours and its scientific accuracySpectacular. There are no words to describe how amazing this film is. The concepts explored in this picture are huge. It is one of the most thought provoking and moving films I have seen in my life. Thanks to the director and Hans Zimmer for a fantastic piece of artwork.From the first scene of interstellar i was captivated. I did not understand what was going on. Sand? old House? As the movie progressed It began to capture my attention more and more. I began to ask myself if this was a movie about how the human race could possibly end up and to some extent it was. The movie takes you on a journey through space in a top secret program. Our protagonists leaves behind his whole life in search of something that may not even exist. Stunning images of space, cool technology ,suspenseful scenes envelop the viewer. For science enthusiasts like myself, the movie is thought provoking, many concepts of space time are visualized throughout the movie. Interstellar was imaginative and created an experience that is unique to this movie. Almost three hours long Interstellar is a masterpiece that became a classic the day it was released in theaters.Interstellar captures a great visual picture of Space, and while the film has very much flaws, overall the film is visual stunning, and very well put together. Interstellar has great visual effects, the film's acting is amazing, the film's plot started out well, but my the 2 hour mark, the film was just a bit weird. The film may take a while to play out, but the film does get the point across in the near 3 hours that it takes to do so. The film was a bit confusing at points, I sat their and my friends had to explain to me what was happening, but while the film does have amazing visual effects, the film looked a bit fake at some points. In Conclusion, Interstellar is a great, emotional film that is fun when you want to have a good time. GRADE: 8/10Not a perfect movie, but still very entertaining.One of the best Sci Fi movies of the past 50 years.Good BUT not what I expected from Nolan. Dr. Brand didnt age a single day in 23 years. And the black astronaut didnt age and didnt get crazy alone in the ship so many years.When I watched this movie, it left me with so much emotion and awe with the movie. The family story is so heartbreaking, (SPOILERS!!) that at the end it didn't feel satisfying. I dunno, but watch it it's one of my all time favorite movies. Also, the soundtrack is amazing.Boring.....very boring...absolutely boring.....the most boring.Love this movie. I think this movie is more directed to the science geeks. If you don't understand time and space then I don't think this is the movie for you. I'm 14 and I think this movie is awesome.Not bad, a little confusing at the endInterstellar : plusieurs concepts bien amenés, mais ce n'est clairement pas un film à mettre entre toutes les mains. Intéressant, malgré une fin assez languissante.Epic and thought provoking.Simply put - Too long and too boringAn excellent movie with original storyline! Great movie!Just weird -- and definitely too long, though the play with gravity and time was fun.while "Interstellar" is visual stunning and mind-boggling, with a great leading performance by Matthew McConaughey and an equally impressive performance by Anne Hathaway, the plot can be confusing and bland at times.Inspires your mind to further research the science in the film,,,,,curvature of worm holes? Black holes so massive that spaghettification does not occur at the event horizon.....nitrogen depletion of the soil by overuse....One of the best movies I've ever seen!! Blew me away in every aspect. In my top ten movies of all time!Incredibly Visual and Thought Provoking film. The Idea of Sacrifice wrapped up in the Theory of Relativity is very intriguing. The Story was a fresh take on what we've come to expect from the Science Fiction/Space Genre.wow another blast from Nolan..maybe i should give it another watch.. but found it too long.. and boring at times.. didn't really follow the plot that well or knew what was going on..I do like this movie. I was just confused at times.Very hard to follow timelines and way long in running time! Interesting but lacking big time in many regards!The emotions feel real. The science feels real. The scenario is setting is frighteningly possible. The plot breaks you down and builds you back up. Everything just makes sense by the end. This is my favorite movie.Not too bad. I was entertained by it. I would give it a B-. Acting was okay. Cast was okay.Overly long, and kind of depressing.Awesome visuals, storyline was good not great, and had its intense moments.Nolan reaches for the stars. Bold, beautiful and incredibly ambitious. Interstellar shows director and writer Christopher Nolan's love for space. Watching Interstellar reminded me of why I love sci-fi and brought me back to the glory days of Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey. But where Kubrick used music and art to incorporated his film, here Nolan used emotion and heart. Nolan's filming and execution were done beautifully throughout this film. This is probably his most inspiring film to date. 2001 wasn't the only film that inspired him; Alien, Blade Runner and Star Wars (1977) all played a part for his inspiration. Now, there's no UFO's or aliens from another planets here. Interstellar is simply mankind racing through the cosmos in order to save the human race. Haters are going to hate and what they are missing out on is how thought-provoking and graciously blended this film is. It's also a visually splendor that captures the soul of our universe. Where Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity showed us the fears of space. Instead, Nolan showed us the search for hope in the cosmos. Shot in glorious IMAX 70 mm, Interstellar is a journey waiting to be ridden and a plot full of surprises, which I will not spoil. We are introduced to earth now as a mere Dust Bowl. In this near future, food and natural resources are at an all time low, while its citizens are starving and choking from this catastrophe. Nolan's first act explores the American farm belt and introduces us to widower Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), former test pilot. Cooper lives with his father-in-law ( John Lithgow) who helps him raise his two kids, Tom (Timothée Chalamet) and Murphy (Mackenzie Foy, outstanding). Murph is a rebel and outsider just like her dad because she refuses to believe that the Apollo space landing was a lie. In act two, Cooper and Murph end up finding NASA, but only in smaller form. Here, Cooper meets his former boss Professor Brand (Michael Caine). Professor Brand convinces Cooper to help lead a mission to space in order to find a new world, the Lazarus missions, to colonizes on. Cooper agrees, leaving behind two kids who may never forgive him, but this is where our journey begins. On the Endurance, Cooper teams up with astronauts Amelia (Anne Hathaway), Brand's daughter; Romilly (David Gyasi); and Doyle (Wes Bentley). Ex-military robots TARS (voiced by the great Bill Irwin) and CASE also join the crew. TARS and CASE pay homage to a HAL type figure from Kubrick's 2001. This is where Nolan and his crew of specialist set in play the awe moments for the film. From traveling through black holes, to escaping waves the size of skyscrapers, to fighting on the icy scopes of the tundra. Movie lovers alike will simply applauded Nolan and his vision. But this vision couldn't have been completed without the help of his brother and co-writer Jonathan Nolan, cinematographer Hoyte Van Hoytema, VFX supervisor Paul J. Franklin and Hans Zimmer's exhilarating score. They all played a part in getting Interstellar to take flight. The thing that I loved most about this film is how realistic is truly was. Like in 2001, Nolan completely silenced anything out in space and incorporates music with it. This gives the film a since of realism and wonder. Next on the list are black holes, wormholes and the space-time continuum. The final act of the film shows Cooper coming to the realization that his two years in space are 23 years on earth. Cooper watches decades of video messages pour out in front of him from his children now adults (Casey Affleck and Jessica Chastain). McConaughey is incredibly moving in this scene and completely breaks down. His performance is raw and will hit you hard in the heart. McConaughey has been on fire over the last couple of years with his tour de force performances in Killer Joe, Mud, Dallas Buyers Club, True Detective, The Wolf of Wall Street and now Interstellar. This heartbreaking performance from him will deeply sadden you as you see time with his children slip away in seconds. Chastain and Hathaway also give award worthy roles as a daughter anxious to see her long lost dad again and another daughter wanting to accomplish something for her father. Although, at times, the film's intellect exceed its grasp Nolan always makes you think. Interstellar is never the less visually moving and breathes life into future sci-fi films. In the end, Interstellar is a must-take ride. So join the crew and explore the cosmos through space and time.The beginning was exceptionally boring and slow. The ending was predictable but leaves you guessing on how that one astronaut died if she was capable of living on the same planet he resided. Acting was good. Plot was a little confusing and far-fetched but it was cool how everything tied together.Enjoyed it! Like Contact... A bit cerebral at the end.Wow. Nolan knows how to movie.Certainly a much different concept but an amazing cast all run by the master Christopher Nolan. I normally dread 3 hour movies but this didn't drag on and kept it flowing solidly. Certainly wasn't my favorite movie but worth watching and very entertaining.And why was I not surprised to find out that Nolan directed it as the end credits began? Much similar to that waste-of-time other people refer to by the name "Contact".Greatest Movie of all time!!!!!Dumb. Go see Solaris - the original.The big 'wormhole' in the plot (pun intended) is that humans from the distant future rescue "ancient" humans by mastering time & space...so much so, that they can pull a dying McConaughey from the grips of a giant Black Hole...yet, the closest they can park a wormhole to Earth is Saturn. And, once Matthew & crew travel years to get to it and make it to the galaxy on the other side, they STILL have 12 different new planets they have to scout out. Really? Ummm...hey, futuristic, omnipotent humans...lil help, please.This movie is on a whole other level, you have to open your mind to the possibility of real life travel, dimensions beyond what we believe. Information on our current status will not be known to us. All these movies are showing us what could be, what could already be taken place.. Matthew was awesome, the whole cast was great, unknown people popped up. Great, unexpected movie. I loved it and stayed on my toes.A phenomenal cast. However, I found it to be hard to follow and understand.Pretty anticipated movie lead to way too long movie that would have been a lot better if it was just below 2 hoursIts few of those movies, which will will be discussed, debated and remembered forever.Long, predictable and boringYawn. So l so long and so much time in between events. And so much Anne Hathaway.I thought it would be better.Christopher Nolan reaches for the stars in Interstellar, but ends up reaching past them. At a very lengthy 2 hours 45 minutes and a moderately slow pace, Interstellar isn't the easiest stroll through the park. While the scientific plot details require focus and attention, the mystery and interest factor behind it all is more than enough to keep this film from shredding itself to pieces and floating away in various directions, like it nearly does with its final act. The visuals are pleasing, but nothing new when it comes to space. At the same time, there isn't much to overcome the storytelling. Matthew McConaughey actually carries this film on his shoulders, but a good supporting cast of Anne Hathaway, Michael Caine, and Jessica Chastain doesn't hurt. Interstellar is a science fiction trek to experience, if only once.I really enjoyed this one. Interesting storyline dealing with humanity, the future, robots, and time/space. It feels like a natural successor to "2001: A Space Odyssey," using a bit of the hard science we know today.Best new sci-fi since Promethus.Very cool film. Typical Nolan as he's able somehow to take a crazy idea that's difficult to even put into words and instead just shows us what he's cooking up in his mind. Special effects are so real that it just makes it all seem possible. Almost as if this is based on a true story of future events, if that makes sense. Even still, while I don't normally mind some length to a film, this one took some time and it did pay off, but still not my favorite of Nolan.There's no shortage of eye popping effects as one has come to expect from Nolan's films. He goes all out like you'd expect except this time it doesn't all land. Although this film has all the ingredients needed to be added to Nolan's list of A+ filmography, it winds up taking odd turns and leaving you scratching your head. The cast is great and it's still worth a watch, but do expect to feel a bit cheated in the end. (73%)Only took me forever to get around to this one.Well it hit me in the heart a place I didnt expect this movie to get me. Mostly because being a Dad of young girls I suppose. But yea this one got me. And in the end it was pretty awesome story.This movie is so original. Nolan always has a way with his movies. I want to see it again and againomg!!! best movie i have seen in a long time. a must see!!!*Organs playing...organs playing everywhere.*Earth is in trouble and we must leave. Simple enough, but introduce quantum physics, relativity and time travel, and the whole thing becomes vast and overblown. Stellar photography and CG. Plot suffers due to mostly incomprehensible (and made up?) physics. Bottom line: it helps to have read Hawking.this is one of the best movies I've seen in a while. Great characters that you can relate to, very nice writing, and the effects and visuals are just groundbreaking! it's just beautiful!! so yes you should check it out!Clever (without over-doing it), long (but just right) and not what I expected. Enjoyable and oozing quality. Not Nolan's best but right up there!Exceptional performance, I wish they had less of the first half and more of the second mind blowing half of the movie though. It felt like the story could have gone a bit further but the concept was pretty awesome. There were many things left unexplained in the science, but it's also a movie.At 2 hours and 49 minutes, a film by Christopher Nolan has to be good to keep the audience occupied enough to finish the movie and good it was. While Nolan has had a good track record with releasing some really great movies, this time around its a different beast. What we end up with is a remarkable achievement in modern film-making. From the questions asked at the beginning to the more questions asked at the end, you are taken on a journey of emotion, exploration and thought-provoking experiences. Starting with a seed and having it slowly grow throughout the film, its a film that really has to be seen by everyone. It's ambitious, visually spectacular, well cast and edge-of-your-seat gripping. Like 2001: A space odyssey before it, its a modern classic of cinema and quite easily one of the best films ever made bar-none and an instant favourite of mine.It's the 2001 of our time!!! Not some popcorn action movie but a drama in a near future space setting. AMAZING!!!...and the sound track by the famous Hans Zimmer topped it off extremely well.Interstellar is the best sci-fi movie I've ever seen, the space scenes are really realistic, it blew my mind away!!!!!!I like this movie for what it does with the characters. It makes them seem real. It made me care about them, which is something I often don't in other movies. My overall experience with this movie was great. I enjoyed the movie for what it offered and what it wasn't. I enjoyed the fact that the action really was about saving humanity and ones loved ones. No Michael Bay type explosions is great for what this movie was about. Not all movies have to be over the top action and this movie hit the right spot for me.Way too longggggg. Only negative in the movie.Waaaaaay too screwy for me ... Drinking while watching didn't help eitherSo weird and confusing. Less so the second time thru.I fink it is more gooderer than the hobitA little drawn out but overall a great movie!Best Film of 2014. Also one of the best films in cinema history. A visual masterpiece by Christopher Nolan knocks it way out of the park with this film, and really out does himself. Matthew McConaughey gives a very real and genuine performances I have ever seen.I have never been truly blown away by a film in a while. This movie delivered in every way for me. It kept my interest from shot one through till the end (which was almost 3 hours), and it left me wanting more. In my opinion this is Hans Zimmer's best score, with and incredible plot, and subject. Everything was awesome. Instantly became a favorite. I will be purchasing a copy.This is ace film best film this yearIt was just to long but other wise it was very interstellarly amazinggreat special effects and a great tie of the movie all the way thru. sorry i could only give it 5 stars.A good movie as a whole, but loses itself when it goes from being something that enamors people with an understanding of science, to jamming 'the power of the human heart' crap down our throats.The movie is mind-bogging and overcomplicated at its premise, but it's a beauty to watch.Kept me interested but still not sure I get it...One of my favorite movies. Great OSTChristopher Nolan nos transporta a su visión de nuestro mundo agonizante y la búsqueda de un nuevo hogar en un camino hacia el espacio lleno de reflexión sobre el tiempo, y la visión de otros mundos tanto físicos como inmateriales que influyen en nuestra vida, conllevando mensajes de familia y preservación del futuro, que junto a unos grandiosos efectos especiales y la bellísima música de Hans Zimmer logra cautivar a la audiencia.When all the food crops in the world begin to fail, a group of scientists leave earth in hopes of finding mankind's salvation. Simply outstanding sci-fi outing with great performances, expert special effects, taut direction, and a script that will keep you guessing until the very last moment. Wonderful!Interstellar [2014]Interstellar is a great movie. It is about a team of explorers travel through a wormhole in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival. Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway give fantastic performances. However, the script is slow but still entertaining. Christopher Nolan did an awesome job directing this movie. I enjoyed watching this motion picture because of the adventure. Interstellar is a must see.Top Notch, clearly the director of Leviathan slept in during audition for the director chair of this film.Not a bad offering from Nolan, could go down as a classic later down the track!!Fantastic flick. A little deep and far fetched at times, but worth the two and a half hours.I hope mankind will find out the secrets of Blackhole and the practical existence of wormholes soon enough.It looks fantastic and presents some fascinating ideas. McConaughey was engaging, interesting and played very well with Mackenzie Foy in the scenes where they're children. Casey Affleck and Anne Hathaway are slightly forgettable; some of the later scenes seem a little too contrived. However, this is an excellent film considering its ambition and scope."Interstellar" is a pure Nolan film. This means, from the very first scene you get the excitement rolling on in your brain. The movie stands out in all perspectives & i think beyond all perspectives. From the very first scene you can tell that "Interstellar" feels like an extraordinary well-crafted movie. McConaughey is a Brilliant actor. Anne Hathaway", bright of eye & sharp of cheekbones, looks amazing in her role & is perfect as a no-nonsense pilot, "TARS" is a robot & is voiced by "Bill Irwin" is just spectacular & is always funny & honest as we, humans, can't handle the truth. Christopher Nolan, we all know that he is a visionary & he can make anything uncool, look cool. I just cannot understand one thing that "How a guy can have so much of mind & so much of beautiful visions in his mind". The movie looks visually stunning, an awe-inspiring movie. "Interstellar" is an incredible ride, a movie that will scare & drop-jaws & makes us smile & weep at the same time.Tratar de explicar esta obra de arte con palabras nos dejaría cortos, escenas, historia, actuaciones impecables y grandes efectos seria solo la punta del iceberg. Como algo negativo (si es posible) quizá un poco predecible en algunos tramos de la historia.Simply artistic brilliance. Compelling and beautiful.Visually exceptional. Great performance from MM. Really quite moving which is rare for a sci-fi flick.This looks and sounds amazing so it's worth seeing for that alone. However the plot is comparable to a block of Swiss cheese and although there is a fi in Sci-fi, it gets ridiculous at times. All you need is love, bitch please.Utterly exceptional!!!! The Nolan Brothers continue they're mind bending movie adventures in pure style, I cannot praise this film enough purest geniusI guessed the "twist" long before it was revealed, so it was not as exciting of a movie for me as for others. But I commend Nolan for diving into an interesting premise of science meets fiction.Fucking Amazing movie I honestly need to watch it a 2nd timeChristopher Nolan is something of an outlier in terms of the box office landscape. His success with the Batman franchise and his resulting fame has meant that his original works in the meantime have had an incredible boost while not being exactly what you would call box office draws. Inception has a baffling core premise even without all of the rules and technical babble that goes into actually making the plot move. And Interstellar is probably an even tougher sell, with an apocalyptic vision which doesn't involve the planet exploding around John Cusack and some science that can overwhelm even some of the best minds on the planet. But In Nolan We Trust, and he delivered with a hell of a movie. When Cooper (McConaughey) is offered the chance to save the human race from extinction, he takes it, despite knowing that the consequences may include never seeing his children again. What I'm always impressed by with Nolan's films is how he manages to take an incredibly dense and difficult subject and make us care about it. It's a trick that the best sci-fi creators manage to pull off, and what Nolan and his story team do incredibly well is find a central character to anchor the audience to. We may not completely understand every aspect of entering someone else's dream, but we know that if Leo is upset, we definitely should be too. We may not get every theory surrounding space travel and relativity and gravity and a whole bunch of others, but Nolan and company make sure that we feel every moment of Cooper and Murph's story along the way. And if Murph and Cooper's story was all there was, Interstellar would still be a great film. Their bond, their relationship, the way their story moves is so real and powerful that it pulls us through any hurdle in the narrative around them. But Nolan has more on his mind than that, and he tackles both the end of the world and a journey through outer space before the film is over. It's a huge undertaking and it fits the Nolan kind of ethos that he's not satisfied with just doing one thing. The way that the stories come together is probably the only bump in the film's story, and it only really comes at the end. But in the meantime, Nolan and his crew create a story that is surprising, compelling, clever and hugely ambitious as well as making time for some truly iconic moments along the way. That's the kind of movie that auteurs dream of putting together and it's more of a tribute to Nolan's constant stream of quality than the actual quality of the film itself that the critical reaction has been a little less overwhelmingly positive than some of his previous efforts. As with the majority of Nolan's films, his lead male role is one that requires depth and range and charisma all at once, and Matthew McConaughey may be his best leading man yet. That's a big call when the comparisons are Leonardo DiCaprio, Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman and Guy Pearce among others, but it'd be a tough debate regardless of the eventual decision. Cooper is a salt-of-the-earth kind of guy living in one of the worst periods in human history. The planet is dying and he's stuck in a field that he doesn't understand and hates to be in, hemmed in by the fact that the human race has stopped trying to achieve and is fighting just to survive. So when he's given the chance to do something great, it's an offer that tears him in two, as he'd be leaving his children and home to follow the dreams that may not actually accomplish anything in the long run. McConaughey is incredible in showing that divide between father and visionary, and it's amazing that a blockbuster like this calls for the kind of range that McConaughey provides. There is a scene around the middle of the film which is emotional gut-punch and it's probably the most believable that McConaughey has been in his entire career, and it's amazing to see just how raw and powerful he can be. But he's not alone in the film, and the other central player is Jessica Chastain's Murph. Chastain takes over the role from Mackenzie Foy who plays her younger self, and Foy is a revelation unto herself in the role. But it's Chastain who makes the role so powerful. She is a tortured soul throughout the mid-section of the film and she finds fascinating nuance to show the glimpses of the pain that she's internalised so well. And when that wall gives way in the later sections, she absolutely delivers there as well, showing emotion every bit as raw as her onscreen dad. Chastain was in A Most Violent Year delivering an incredible performance there, and there aren't all that many performers that would be able to come through with two performances like those in their careers, much less in the space of a year. There are a number of other performers which contribute in huge way to the film, and Anne Hathaway and Michael Caine make another great father-daughter combination for the film, each of them leaving their mark in their own way. Nolan has made a lot of the idea of using film over digital, and even though it's a debate that I don't think has a definite answer, it's easy to see the advantages of shooting this thing in Imax. There is a feeling of weight and scope here that is probably a combination of the actual film and the way that Nolan puts it together with Nolan newbie Hoyte van Hoytema that makes the entire proceeding feel like it's on a different level to the other film's competing with it at the box office. It's a huge film and it feels like it as well. It's a very rare find to have a director who can nail the emotion of Cooper and Murph, stage a thrilling action sequence like the one on the water planet and work with visual effects in the way the Nolan does. There is shot early on in the space travel section of the film where we find out exactly what Cooper listens to in his headphones, and it's probably the best single shot of the film, as it combines exactly the idea of the huge scope of space and the close look the film takes at the emotional journey in the film. It actually may sum up Nolan's approach to film in general, as he takes huge concepts and makes them matter to us on a level we can relate to. Interstellar may not be perfect, and the naysayers will find plenty of similar things to jump on the way they do for every new Nolan film, but there aren't too many filmmakers operating on the same kind of scale, or even thinking on it, that Christopher Nolan is, and for that I have nothing but praise for him. Defining Scene: The water planet is an incredible detour, but the failed airlock followed by Cooper having to dock with the destroyed remains of their ship to get home is the topper for me.not bad but too much drama, and reminds of ContactThis was a spectacular movie. It had a lot going for it. We all enjoyed it. It was nutty, there was a lot of science and ego going on, like a good story or a completely nuts movie - I thought personally that I felt like I was living in a fat fantasy world with this dazzling movie and completely spectacular and nuts insane movie. It was super fun. It was a very good movie and a great spectacle with very very weird results and Nolan style insanity. I thought it was completely ridiculous.interesante propuesta, se ve el esmero que pusieron en se sintiera realistaAmazing it's a adventure you have to see its one off my favorite movies!visually and acoustically mind blowing, had me in tears through most of the film with the emotional performance and grand musical score. an absolute masterpiece.Profundo, tocante e marcante. A odissÃ (C)ia humana na visÃ£o pessoal de um astronauta. FamÃ­lia ou raÃ§a humana? Quem escolher?A mess of a movie. Poorly written and constructed. Interesting kernel of an idea but 1 hour could have been cut. Hathaway and Chastain very good, as was the young actress that played the daughter.A very intense, lengthy movie.Totally disappointed in the ending after he woke up. The middle of the movie should have been shorter. Seemed to me that the CG was more important than making sure the ending flowed with the rest of the movie. All that time spent watching to be frustrated when the credits rolled.'Inception' in space. That's how I saw it. Excellent movie nevertheless. Awesome special effects, good acting and a nice philosophical story arc. One that keeps you thinking. Christopher Nolan pulls off an M Night Shyamalan and then some.Really well shot, thought provoking, and well-acted. My only issue is that the conclusion seems rushed and merely an elaborately designed tool to resolve the plot.That movie was absolutely brilliant. Visually stunning, and the physics involved was fascinating. 11/10 would watch again!Confusing at times and things that don't make any sense sometimes. Interstellar is stunning beautiful and the acting is amazing which makes this film even better.Just when you think you have this movie figured out, they throw another twist at you.This movie has it all, space, Amazing score, and great acting. Interstellar is definitely a must see.A kind of movie, i want to watch again and againANOTHER MASTERPIECE FROM MR. NOLANAmazing....Loved it!Interstellar had massive gravity to demonstrate how The future of human beings will be mysteriously unpredictable. The unique perspective of movie might be a bit beyond understanding for those who have lack of imagination.honest movie trailers nailed the flaws on this oneI have to admit that i was deterred by the length of this movie when it arrived from Netflix but by the time the credits started rolling I wished that there was more. I had a few very minor gripes but they were outweighed by the movie as a whole. I would definitely recommend this to anybody.My views on this movie are contradictory. I found it both gripping and yet confusing. It's one of those films that requires multiple viewing because I finally got to a point where I was very confused (the dimension jabber during the bookshelf scene was a head-scratcher for me.) But the acting is superb from everyone. The special FX are amazing and this is a well-chosen cast. Matthew McConaughey has really stepped up his game. I remember how people used to pick on him for the lame roles he chose in the past, but lately he has been choosing movies that showcase the talent many of us (including myself in that) didn't know was there. I liked "Gravity" better but this is still a good movie.but wait, the 5th dimension can talk to the 3rd dimension???? loved itInterstellar is a wholly original, challenging and enthralling film. Though because of it's length (nearly three hours) and ambition a lot of audiences will get up and walk out of the theater and say "well that was long." Well, if that's the case then it's their loss. Christopher Nolan is an intelligent filmmaker. His films are frequently challenging and his style is technically innovative, slick and he always manages to bring something new to the table. Whether it's superheroes, magicians or tattooed men with short term memory loss, the material is elevated and sculpted to his own vision. However, he is often criticized as a "cold" or "unimaginative" filmmaker, whose characters lack depth and exist purely to deliver expository monologues. His latest film might finally silence those objections once and for all. Interstellar is a sign that this filmmaker is becoming more and more ambitious, one who is challenging himself to grow with each film. Interstellar might have space ships, interplanetary travel, space jargon and the fate of a planet against incredible odds, but it's not science fiction, it's closer to science faction. Working with his frequent collaborator (and brother) Jonathan Nolan, they've crafted a script that is character driven, wildly aspiring and authentically original. The story is equally complex and deceptively simple. The planet is in danger, and food is in short supply. The future isn't the Orwellian Dystopia we are accustomed to seeing or rainy urban cityscapes, nor are there any roving biker gangs. Nolan's future will remind the viewer of The Grapes of Wrath more than anything. The contrast of the setting is reflected by Matthew McConaughey who delivers another stellar (not a pun) performance, playing a farmer named Cooper whose face alone speaks volumes. Anne Hathaway is steady and convincing and Nolan regular Michael Caine is great as always. The equally compelling compliment to Mcconaughey is the character of his daughter Murph. "Character" is a choice of word seeing as she's played by both the incomparable Jessica Chastain and the brimming young talent of Mackenzie Foy, whose future stardom shouldn't come as a surprise but an expectation. Nolan, whose work on the Batman pictures illustrated the dark knight as a frustrated anti-hero carves a new kind of hero out of Cooper. He's a blue-collar hero, an everyman who's called to the frontlines to save the world. A man with a rebellious nature and unorthodox tactics add to his charm, so he's easy to like in the best sense. The world is in peril and the journey to save the planet introduces us to the metaphysical supporting character, space itself. Ever the perfectionist writer and director, Nolan worked closely with theoretical physicist Kip Thorne. Together they devoted substantial time to accurately generate imagery to bring the phenomena of a black hole and the travelling through it to life. The complicated nature of astrophysics are not dumbed down and yet they aren't reduced to layman's terms either. The visual effects are jaw dropping as expected, the journey of interstellar travel plays out with stunning clarity and precision. Celestial bodies are expansive and tangible and despite our limited knowledge of what otherworldly habitats feel like, the settings in Interstellar feel plausible. The sound editing is another commendable characteristic throughout. Omitting typical sound effects when ships board or engage airlocks and occasionally explode, we as the viewers only see what happens. Emphasizing the lonely, terrifying vastness that is outer space. The common criticisms of Christopher Nolan's films; they don't have developed characters, said characters are usually cold and unfeeling. Most commonly criticized was his handling of Joseph Gordon-Levitt's character in Inception, the "go to" character with the sole purpose of exposition. Of course, there is some exposition in Interstellar, but thank god for that because we're talking about theoretical physics and space travel. Informing the characters, as well as informing the audience is a part of moviemaking. If people want to make that criticism about Nolan the same could be said for James Cameron's The Terminator, the explanation of time travel in Back to the Future, or the wedding at start of The Godfather when Michael Corleone tells Kay about the "family business". The exposition here is strategic, useful and important in the development of the film. Some odd sentimentality comes through over the course of the journey and feels either forced or out of place, particularly a speech delivered by Hathaway, where she defends the next step of their mission by rationalizing it because of love. It was an "against all odds" moment in the story but its handling feels clumsy. The resolution is surprisingly sentimental and has more in common with the finale of Robert Zemeckis's Contact than Stanley Kubrick's classic 2001: a Space Odyssey, which seems to be the film that comes up the most as far as comparisons go. Although there are few complaints, the development of the first act seems rushed and too convenient to be true, but the film's resolution will satisfy any doubts you might have in the typical Nolan style revealing finale. When I mentioned that Christopher Nolan is a smart filmmaker it didn't mean he's a filmmaker that's also smart, but the he's smart regarding the actual filmmaking process. That's not exactly a revelation but an observation on his craft as an artist and an entertainer. Interstellar is easily the most character driven, humanized story he's committed to film. The picture's overall message of love and preservation may seem a bit obvious but it's also something we as viewers can relate to in one way or another. The problems of the world are also the problems of the people, down to each individual and the responsibility that bears can have a larger than life effect. The running time might seem daunting to some, but there's enough meat on the bones for all to enjoy and your appetite for adventure, danger and emotion will be satisfied one way or another. Nolan conveys a universal message that is socially important and has substance and pulls it off with enough grace and ease that it avoids the trappings of familiarity. He is an intelligent filmmaker who has never appealed to the common denominator and probably never will. He's not afraid to challenge his audience with complex storylines and narrative constructs. If his movie reaches the smartest person in the audience, his film is a success. He seems to have outdone himself with Interstellar, as is the case with his previous efforts to date, every entry in his filmography outdoes its predecessor. So that just leaves us with eager anticipation and a good experience to reminisce upon until the home video release. The running time might seem daunting to some, but there's enough meat on the bones for all to enjoy and your appetite for adventure, danger and emotion will be satisfied one way or another. Nolan conveys a universal message that is socially important and has substance and pulls it off with enough grace and ease that it avoids the trappings of familiarity. He is an intelligent filmmaker who has never appealed to the common denominator and probably never will. He's not afraid to challenge his audience with complex storylines and narrative constructs. If his movie reaches the smartest person in the audience, his film is a success. He seems to have outdone himself with Interstellar, as is the case with his previous efforts to date, every entry in his filmography outdoes its predecessor. So that just leaves us with eager anticipation and a good experience to reminisce upon until the home video release. The running time might seem daunting to some, but there's enough meat on the bones for all to enjoy and your appetite for adventure, danger and emotion will be satisfied one way or another. Nolan conveys a universal message that is socially important and has substance and pulls it off with enough grace and ease that it avoids the trappings of familiarity. He is an intelligent filmmaker who has never appealed to the common denominator and probably never will. He's not afraid to challenge his audience with complex storylines and narrative constructs. If his movie reaches the smartest person in the audience, his film is a success. He seems to have outdone himself with Interstellar, as is the case with his previous efforts to date, every entry in his filmography outdoes its predecessor. So that just leaves us with eager anticipation and a good experience to reminisce upon until the home video release.Interesting plot, but the major scientific gaps and "plot convenience" make of this a great drama, but a poor TRUE science fiction movieWhy do great directors they have the right to subject us with another 3 hour snooze fest. Sure Peter Jackson can with LOTR, but hey, it's LOTR. Christopher Nolan did an amazing job on INCEPTION. But here's a hint......Spoiler Alert!!! Dust storm, earth ending should be 15 minutes long, not 45 minutes. Boom!!! Movie would be an instant hit.Terrible pacing (from farming corn, to discovering a secret government base, to being held hostage by a robot, to frantically trying to find your daughter, to trusting your captors to agreeing to abandon your daughter to fly away in a spaceship for a few decades, all within 15 minutes), ship models that looked like something that should be parodied on MST3K, bouts of terrible acting, heavy-handed foreshadowing that ruins most plot turns, and culminating in a thoroughly unfulfilling climax whose recursive nature and importance to the beings who initiated the whole thing is never adequately resolved. Instead, we get some technobabble handwaving, a whole lot of "magic power of love" thrown in, a couple emotionally manipulative scenes of fathers and daughters reuniting, and then its all shaken up and tumbled out into the audiences lap. No thanks.It started with a good pace but in some instances it was just flat. The story was great and so was the acting.Good story, very long though....Drop dead gorgeous film. The emotion is delivered just as effectively as the spectacle, creating a unique blend of awe inspiring and soul crushing. The end muddles a near perfect two acts, with a disorienting view of the world (reminiscent of 2001: A Space Odyssey) that asks the audience to investigate without having the logic to back it up. Though the finale may trip up its compelling plausibility, it was still an exciting, hopeful, tragic yet optimistic trip I will gladly take many times over.Preposterous script and premise. Logic is consigned to dense darkness in this time warp of a film. It made 2 hours seem like 12. I still think the Coen Bros had a hand in this one !This movie was amazing. The science behind Interstellar is mind-boggling and nothing short of astounding. It's awesome to finally see a Science Fiction movie that's more Science than Fiction. If you've ever wondered what a wormhole or black hole might actually look like then this is the movie for you. Throw in concepts like Interstellar travel, relativity and time travel, terraforming, hyper-sleep, and you have the recipe for a smart, thrilling space-epic filled with adventure and wonder, wrapped in a beautifully told story that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Interstellar is one of the best movies I've ever seen and was worth every penny. You can't go wrong with Interstellar, so do yourself a favor and watch it, and then watch it again and again.I loved everything about this movie.Makes you think, you don't notice the run-time. I wish I wouldve seen it in the Cinema"Magic, smart and Marvelous in every sense"This movie is an achievement in both Visual representation and complex storytelling. This is not the best work Nolan has made but it is still proving that he is one of the best in the industry today.A dazzling feature filled with extraordinary special effects, great acting, marvelous directing and a great score. There is some confusion in the narrative and continuity errors that didn't mix well. But it's another great film from NolanThis was...interesting. But I wonder: Can Christopher Nolan ever make a climax that makes sense?FilmaÃ§o, foi excelente enquanto empregou os efeitos da fÃ­sica no espaÃ§o, no final pecaram na conclusÃ£o.Mathew had a very strong performanc. Very refreshing new sci-fiWhat a head trip! Mind blown.Not worth watching what was the point of it all wasted my timenot the best of Nolan's work.story is quite interesting but delivery fails. I did not attach with any of the characters... better than gravity but only an extra star. watch ex machina if you want to see a good movie :)Brilliant plot and space physics!The ending was where it all went downhill.I really enjoyed this. It flowed quite nicely. As with most science fiction there is some level of suspending your disbelief but I really didn't require that much suspension. Some people complained about the family drama was the problem of the story however I thought that substantially added to it.Excellent movie. If you don't understand event horizons and black holes go read Stephen Hawking's book.I was impressed that they did such an excellent job with the science. I didn't sit thru the movie pointing out all the errors with the physics like I did while watching Gravity. They did take a few liberties but they were necessary for the story. The personal stories between the characters added an emotional level that added a lot of depth to the film and made me care about the characters and not just the scientific accuracy.Long movie but it will hold your attention all the way until the end.Dumb dumb dumb dumb da dumb dumb da dumb. I can't believe I watched the whole thing.Space Schmaltz. A mawkish and clichéd Shaggy dog tale of an old sci-fi concept. Watchable for the technical visuals (such as they are) but other than that it's more like an epic episode of a cross between the waltons and StargateA film that transcends space and time, and one that can finally back up such a statement.This movie was really good but a little bit confusing. It offered up a lot to think about but at the same time little to hold onto. It had some touching moments but I never felt like I thoroughly knew what was going on. I felt like some of the scenes got deleted or something they could've explained it better.I thought the story was good and unpredictable. It takes a lot more brain power to understand it all than most movies. The visuals and acting was well done. Then ending could have been better and a little clearer but it was good.It gets hampered on by some because they think they tried to go too far with it, but I think that is what makes it special. Movies that aren't afraid to take that step are the ones that will be remembered. For me, I will never forget seeing Interstellar for the first time. McConaughey put in another great performance.Extraordinary and ambitious as all Christopher Nolan's films. The director is always trying to push the boundaries of cinema, and you can't do that without having a few failures in the way. There are a couple of plot holes in the third act, but the biggest problem is the first one. I never felt the chaos and desperation of the world dying, the beginning had to be more global and show us more than a house in the middle of corn fields; the audience needed to feel the importance of the interstellar journey. It you try to intellectualize this movie you won't like it; you have to see it as the experience that it is. If you let you go without trying to find sense to all the complicate science, you will find yourself immerse in this amazing journey. One last note, Hans Zimmer's soundtrack is breathtaking.it was a great movie. I like how the Beginning was the end of the movie. They did well with all the stuff from the future being the there in the present.one of the best sci fi movies in agesExcellent movie! The only ones reviewing this movie that gave negative results, where those that couldn't bring their minds into 'sync' with it. The visuals were stunning and the story...extraordinary, to say the least. Understanding, or at least believing, that time is relative will enable you to grasp the meaning of this fine story. One must also believe that there is something more to our understanding of life than we are led to conceive.This film is billed as scientifically accurate. If you read interviews, however, the physicist consulted told Nolan that many phenomenon in theoretical astrophysics are not known. Nolan essentially uses this as an excuse to create an extremely convenient version of physics which is fundamentally humanistic. I think Nolan was trying to make a trans-humanist film, but he made a humanist fairytale which rings hollow. In reality, the universe is indifferent to our species, thus all realism is lost. Watch Space Odyssey. It's a real movie about man and his place in the universe.Heavy on human emotion, using poetic licence with science, and even my astrophysics degree didn't allow me to make sense of the ending. Overall disappointing after the The Prestige, The Dark Knights & Inception.Nolan may be our times most visionary director. Though dealing in pure hollywood league, he still appears smart. Interstellar is a prime example on forwardthinking and a great sci-fi adventure. A challanging piece for the ordinary viewer.Totally surreal. Ultra surreal. It messed with me.The graphics were nice but the movie itself was lacking. It was believable in the beginning but took a sharp left into crazy.Had high expectations for this, and while its hard to knock a film for displaying so many ideas, it felt something of a let down. Nolan's relentless insistence on explaining EVERYTHING actually only achieves a dumbing down, asking characters to make more and more daft decisions in order to force plot points. Visually and technically great, but let down by a script that over did it.Brilliant, a true Sci-fi epic. Rivals 2001 and 2010.Great for Sci-Fi fans.Was this the prequel to that weird car commercial?first 30 mins I wasnt too sure about this flick but it turned out to be quite the story. Def a bit hard to grasp some of the concepts like time being slower closer to blackholes n humans eventually creating the 5th dimension but it was surprisingly entertaining, suspensefull with. a few twists n turnsWatching the trailer for this film is much more rewarding than watching the whole movie. Not because it's boring (it often is) or because while the science is ok the technology is unbelievable (NASA apparently just needed to lose 99% of its resources to finally be able to build decent manned spacecraft), but because of its sheer hubris. Talk about giant bootstraps. Sheesh.I really tried to convince myself that this film had more to it, but it really doesn't. If you wanted to see Matthew McConaughey playing the same cardboard cut-out Nolan protagonist as well as take in some sweet VFX, then you're in luck. However, the only thought-provoking aspect of this film is watered down to such a degree that you can only catche glimpses of it amidst the convoluted plot and spastic character arcs. If you wanted to watch a movie where a bunch of folks go into space and the stakes have never been higher; go watch Apollo 13. If you wanted to watch a movie about a crew entering uncharted space on a daring mission; go watch Aliens.A must see!!! And own!!!Thrilling twists and turns. Theory of relativity"I knew." "Why?" "Because my dad promised me!" ð??¢When it comes to Christopher Nolan, a movie he creates is expected to be very good if not great. Interstellar was very good until the third act, but it still wasn't great. Aside from impressive visual effects, a great score, and praise worthy acting, Interstellar is a movie that could and should have been better but wasn't because the plot was full of holes and the the third act was just plain dumb.Awesome movie to spark a person's imagination. It will also make you ask what if?I am a big fan of Christopher Nolan but I think he missed the mark on this one. The movie starts good and holds you pretty tight but its as if they let go just before the end. The movie makes to think and wonder about the space-time dimension which I believe was the best part of the movie but I don't think it was successful in bringing all the pieces together at the end. There were lot of questions that were left unanswered. The movie is definitely watchable on DVD but I would advise you to lower your expectations to avoid being disappointed.This is a beautiful film I had the pleasure of seeing in IMAX. I had to rematch it to reassess the ending, which I had initially completely misconstrued, and after the second time around, it made perfect sense. Definitely a must-see for science fiction buffs, like myself. The cast is great, the visuals are stunning, and the science is accurate. I'm not saying it's the best film of all time, but I will say this is my favorite film of all time. A recent classic.Exceptionally well-made movie, with an ambitious story that tends to waver between brilliant and ridiculous. They're trying to cram a lot in here, and sometimes it's just a bit too much. Great supporting roles from Lithgow and Chastain, but both Caine and Hathaway feel wasted here, and McConaughey's affability continually gets in his way.Watched it at the cinema and now I have bought the special edition, best sci-fi film yet! 5 stars!!I think this movie could've been longer...Matthew McConaughey becomes gravity 1/5 would not watch againI absoultely loved this film! One of the best movies I have seen all year I highly recommend it!Might be the best movie I have ever seen... Lagit.This is Christopher Nolan's 2001: A Space Odyssey. Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway give solid performances along with Jessica Chastain who is always awesome at whatever she does,but I feel if it weren't for Matt Damon's cameo in the film, it would have failed terribly. So my congrats to Jason Bourne for saving the day and the movie again.Wow! I mean...WOW! I noticed toward the end of the movie that I was sitting at the edge of the sofa....I had been sitting there for probably 45 minutes. This movie pulled me in like few movies do. The story, the visuals, the story, the acting, the story...damn, if it weren't 11pm, I'd consider watching it again. I lovedddddd this movie. No need for an in depth review. I put off watching this for 3 weeks because I couldn't find the almost 3 hours it takes to watch it. You shouldn't...see it...like soon. Seriously...see this.The best space movie (admittedly, there aren't many) since Kubrick's 2001.It's wonderful to think of the human race living in space at some point in the future.could be tricky for some to understand many faults not that greatTerrible! Nonsensical, no coordination of time spanGood cast and good acting, especially given the insipid and completely unbelievable plot. Watch it marvel at the lack of science. Makes the movie Gravity and the upcoming movie The Martian look really good in comparison.One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Who ever was responsible for sound should be shot. When the music came on, it was ear splittingly loud, so we had to turn the volume way down. Then when the dialogue started, it was way too low and we had to crank it way up to hear. Unfortunately, even that didn't help most times because they were either whispering, mumbling or there was music playing at the same time as the actors were talking. Of course all that could have been on purpose, to try and cover up the incredible plot holes and lack of logic throughout this entire movie.Powerful. Unexpected. Mind Blowing. Deep. This movie destroyed me. I don't know what to say.What struck me most about this movie was not the epic visuals that put Gravity to shame, nor was it the palpable emotional gravitas between Murph and Coop, but rather the fact that a modern pop sci-fi actually managed to stay away from pandering to the supernatural. From the very beginning when ghosts were mentioned, I was sure that there was coming that dreadful moment where the movie would concede its objectivity to appeal to a wider audience. But it never happened. Instead, it held firmly to the genre it belongs to and maintained that there is always a natural explanation, even when events seem to be supernatural. This was a welcomed approach (regardless of there being some liberties with the physics of blackhole/wormhole travel). I daresay Carl Sagan would have loved this movie. I only take half a star for some of the dialog being uninspired in the beginning, and for the scene where the young Murph gets invited into NASA and then wants to take a nap (after being so passionate about it that she'd punched a classmate earlier in the day?). Overall this movie was a fantastic piece of sci fi that will not soon be forgotten. The scores for this and Gravity ought to be reversed.Visually and cinematography amazing, but its somewhat sterile acting and science get in the way.2001: a space odyssey for this generation. worth the long setup.Overrated. Still good though.In reality, none of the events would truly happen and once you get down to the nitty-gitty, it's truly not logical. The quotes of the movie like, "We were meant to leave this planet." were false 100%. However, it's entertainment, not science class. Intersteller succeed in delivering great emotional bonds and a unique story. The movie as a whole was thrilling, and very dramatic. You may need to study a few big words after you're done watching this epic tale but you'll still be able to comprehend the plot.Although the acting gets a bit off at times, Interstellar is by far one of the best scifi films of not only this century but ever. Anne Hathaway blew away all of my expectations, and the visuals are so good it's trippy.Fantastic science fiction drama. Was on the edge of my seat the entire time. This is how watching a movie should feel. Certainly, one of the best movies ever made.What a overwhelmingly terrible and stupid movie. I started a snarky review/plot-synopsis, but it got too long and I bored of listing the film's seemingly endless flaws. What a waste of talent and millions upon millions of dollars.For the scientific philosopher kings or just the die hard Nolan fans; watch this sci-fi thriller while pumping your grey matter full of relevant physics and other scientific jargon. A great movie indeed!!!absolutely phenomenal! I've been waiting for a movie in space that isn't horror and doesn't put me to sleep. "interstellar" is ground breaking and takes a realistic thought to a completely possible conclusion. If u wanna kno how it feels to traverse a worm hole experiencing it in 3d is as close as i wanna get;)One of the best movies I've seen in a long time!Oh my god! Can't really say anything here, because saying anything to the point will spoil everyone else's surprises. Amazing. And I'm rarely amazed with sci fi.I found it a film that grew on me. It was too slow on my first viewing, but really love it now. On par with 2001 for ideas and cinematography. I would love to see a follow up, to explore all the avenues opened up post evac from Earth. 11 out of 10.snooooozzzzzzzzzzzzzzzefestImagine - well - you won't until you se this film!I dont understand the hype surrounding this movie!! Christopher nolan's direction getting poor movie after movieit was an okay film! but seemed near the end they just wanted to give it a happy ending.loved the movie and would highly recommend! great storyline and concept.It's very easy for me to speak at length about movies like this. Not only is the Science Fiction genre something that I have a special affinity for, but the movie also happens to elicit very divisive opinions among critics and cinephiles alike -- all of which would normally inspire me into a drawn-out diatribe against my naysayers. In the name of brevity and for the sake of staving off my inevitable carpal tunnel, however, I'm going to try to be very simple and short here. Alas, I may have already failed in that aim with this lengthy justification. Anyways... Pretty much everyone agrees that this is a beautiful film to look at. Stunning cinematography abounds and director Christopher Nolan continues to up the ante here in terms of his usually very strong shot composition and visual style. The stark visions of his far-off planetary vistas, as well as his treatment of an almost "alien" Earth -- a veritable dustbowl characterizing most of the surface -- make for dramatic, constantly-chaotic settings for these characters to inhabit, and provide nothing short of visual poetry. In terms of visual presentation and design, the only drawback would be in the film's representation of wormhole travel itself. While in keeping with the space epic's more grounded tone and possibly adding to its scientific accuracy, these subtle images of a spacecraft's interstellar journey lack imagination and creativity, and do very little to hype up the audience for the staggering leaps these astronauts are accomplishing in the name of humanity (though don't get me wrong, the tension and emotional build-up take up this task quite well). This may be an old- fashioned consideration indicative of someone with Star Trek-ian/Wars-ian jumps through hyperspace in mind, but this IS a space epic after all. A space epic, indeed. Truthfully, Nolan does very little to hide his influence from Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey on this production. His flattering homages to that 1968 classic can be seen in some of the more philosophical and theoretical aspects of the film. One of the more surprising examples of this influence though can been seen in the character of TARS, the intrepid crew's A.I. member. While admittedly a far more likable character than the HAL 9000 (TARS is programmed with one of the best bedside manners of any robot in all of Science Fiction), his obvious stylistic similarities to the former instills a certain amount of mystery and even dread in the audience. He sort of looks like the monolith from 2001 except with a digital interface and blocky appendages that break forth from his flat, rectangular form to allow his movement. TARS is one of the most likable aspects of the film, both in terms of his characterization and fascinating design. The cast is brilliant. Matthew McConaughey is a terrific lead, and he endues a pitch-perfect amount of emotional honesty as the father who's trying to save the world, all the while knowing that every minute he spends away from his family makes his reunion with them less and less likely. Anne Hathaway is good overall, but has a couple of stilted monologues that try too hard to mesh emotional considerations with scientific ones. Nolan seems to be saying "See. I can do emotion. Look here at this scientist who all of the sudden is trying to NOT sound cold and heartless." The result is rather forced to say the least. All-in-all, the rest of the ensemble gets nothing but thumbs up from me -- including an interesting, supporting turn by Matt Damon. Okay, now to the ending. Unfortunately, the last third of the movie kind of falls short for me. The plot takes a turn that, while not completely unforeseen, dispenses what has, up through the first two acts, been a very grounded reality, in favor of something rather hard to believe. I don't mind the heady concepts involved in this climax. Under normal circumstances, I would welcome such an intriguing, metaphysical concept in my Science Fiction, however, this just doesn't jive with the seemingly grounded reality previously established in the film. Overall, it's a very entertaining film. Nolan gives the audience so much to chew on that the three-hour runtime almost whizzes by. This is certainly one of those movies you'd pop in to either test or show off the picture quality of your HD TV. It's kind of like Gravity, quite honestly. That's it. I have to be done now. Sorry it went this long. Jeez!Not as good s I thought it would be.What an amazing adventure in to space and thoughtIt could have been the best of all time if it hadn't lacked the necessary action.One of the best movies that I've watched. It satisfied a bit of my hunger toward the mysterious space that I've had for a long time. Only reason why I would live a long time would be to learn more about the secrets hidden away, out there.Every idea of space fulfilled and then some - score will rock you.Interstellar was a stellar SyFy movie that someone true to the genre would enjoy, great roller coaster ride of entertainment.Is Interstellar good? I'm going to say yes. Is it as good as it could of been? Probably not. The movie presents a lot of ideas, almost too many, and it does not wrap itself up into a nice cohesive package nicely like Inception did. It's fun but at the same time challenging. The movie is almost three hours long, and it truly feels it. The film feels like six different films, some good, some bad and .some merely average. I'm happy that it exists, it's a big scifi extravaganza, the type they don't really make anymore. Still, there's no denying that it's kind of a big bloated mess. See it, but maybe save for a lazy Saturday when you can soak it all in.Overly long and suffering from no particularly likable characters, here we have a movie that shoots for the stars but falls short. With grand ideas about life an death and the nature of humanity, it is certainly ambitious, but it's a meandering behemoth and in it's lack of focus and giant set pieces it devolves into mindless spectacle rather than ascending to the realms of high science fiction on par with the works of Arthur C. Clarke or Joe Haldeman (both of whom the brothers Nolan adapted various elements from here). The inclusion of what is basically the major elements of the Forever War just left me contemplating how much I would rather have been watching a direct adaptation of that book rather than the original tale that is Interstellar. Add in completely superfluous story lines with Matt Damon, Topher Grace, and a poor utilization of Michael Caine, an Armageddon subplot that is never resolved, and you have a messy film that can't justify it's 2 hr. 49 min. run time and will leave you unfulfilled. There's some beautiful special effects, so if you want something to mindlessly watch on a big screen in HD then give it a watch, otherwise I can't reallyOverly long and suffering from no particularly likable characters, here we have a movie that shoots for the stars but falls short. With grand ideas about life an death and the nature of humanity, it is certainly ambitious, but it's a meandering behemoth and in it's lack of focus and giant set pieces it devolves into mindless spectacle rather than ascending to the realms of high science fiction on par with the works of Arthur C. Clarke or Joe Haldeman (both of whom the brothers Nolan adapted various elements from here). The inclusion of what is basically the major elements of the Forever War just left me contemplating how much I would rather have been watching a direct adaptation of that book rather than the original tale that is Interstellar. Add in completely superfluous story lines with Matt Damon, Topher Grace, and a poor utilization of Michael Caine, an Armageddon subplot that is never resolved, and you have a messy film that can't justify it's 2 hr. 49 min. run time and will leave you unfulfilled. There's some beautiful special effects, so if you want something to mindlessly watch on a big screen in HD then give it a watch, otherwise I can't really recommend it.Superb film slightly slow and long but it keeps you guessing what happens next. The end is typical Nolan end wherein you did not expect such a thing to happen. A must watch.Great ideas but overly long.Esta película murió detrás de un librero... spoilerWow...86% of viewers actually liked this movie? This is one of the worst science fiction movies I've ever seen in my life. Absolutely horrible, and a waste of time! I rented it with the thought that it had a high rating on both IMDb and Rotten Tomatoes. Well, there goes that theory! Fairly good cast, but the very average acting can't save the terrible writing, and plot, which is ridiculous. The entire movie is corny, but the ending is the corniest. Don't waste your time, or money, on this 2.5 out of 10 movie!Beautiful on just about every level. Interstellar provides us with a thought-provoking, intellectual story, marvelous visuals, top-notch acting, and a mesmerizing score from Hans Zimmer. Christopher Nolan takes cerebral film making to a whole new level.Fans of science fiction will like it. Others will find the final act trying.Confusing and heartfelt. I both enjoyed this movie and thought it was crazy weird. I'm still not sure if I caught the point. I'll have to watch it again. I would say it's at least worth a watch to make your own judgement about it.Visually stunning. And a sad, beautiful and ultimately thought provoking story. Sci Fi to the immense scale.Probably one of the worst movies I've seen in years. It starts off well but then the dialog just gets silly. This is science fiction with the emphasis on fiction. I don't think the writers of this thing know the difference between a solar system and a galaxy or that habitable planets would NEVER be found orbiting a black hole. And that whole scene where he goes feet first into a black hole and then pokes around? really? This movie has a lot of special effects in search of a plot.Good Sci-Fi is hard to find, good Sci-Fi with accurate physics is unheard of. Interstellar is just brilliant.Long, slow, boring at times, hokey at times.....weird and cheesy robot. How much money did they spend on this???This movie is as long a joruney to mars.Interstellar is another great movie by the mastermind Christopher Nolan, the visuals are incredible and the entire film is just well thought out and well made.Hard to hear what they are saying (constant mumbling) but it does not matter since the plot is way to unrealistic and weird to be a good sci-fi. I used to like Star Trek (TNG mostly) but this was just weird and felt rushed at times with bad cutting of scenes. A talking robot that looks like something from an 80's B-movie and communication in the fifth dimension did not work well for me.It is a pretty good film. What I like most about it is how accurate it tries to make the physics work and also the philosophical aspect of it which many overlooked. However, it as a bit slow on many parts and the rewatch value is low.Simply amazing from the Visual effects to the soundtrack. Blu-ray worthy!A little unbelievable at the end. But, unbelievable is not a bad thing and it enhanced the end and tied it to the beginning. It is an exploration of the inevitable future of the human race. The rest of the film is fantastic as far as a thriller goes. It is unbelievably gripping at every turn and I had my ass clenched the entire way. It is no doubt a film I will want to watch again very soon.awesome. could have done without some of the Hollywood elements, but good still.Bon film même si la fin est difficile à croire et comprendre de façon logique. Nous fait réfléchir sur l,avenir et l'environnement.If you haven't seen it yet, just do it. An end of the world space odyssey that sticks with slight science then mixes slight fiction brilliantly to mind bend your mind in the process of the entire film.This movie was horrible. Waste of 3 hours.amazing......truely amazing. It takes great vision to pull off a story as adventurous as this, and a cast just as talented to make it work. I never knew what to expect with this film, but I was blown away.Intelligent and beautiful. I loved this film. There IS a market for movies that don't pander to the lowest common denominator.Blew my mind. Many, many flaws. But it's a talker. And it kept me fascinated.long film quite drawn out but good creativityBrilliant!! One of the best movies have have seen in quite some time!!!Dem feels. Wow. Watch it.very creative, above average acting, and a surprising storyline if you do not consider previous movies projecting on the future. i recommend for anyone who lets themselves take a leap of faith into the storyline.Genius. Absolutely genius.The visual effects were Oscar worthy but the script merits a Razzie.It was a good movie but I had a hard time figuring out what was going on.Contrived dialogue that uses the characters to explain the science to the audience - always a bad idea. Sappy emotionalism that manages to make Spielberg seem subtle. A derivative film that regularly rips off better movies in its genre. Hard to believe that Matthew and Matt were convinced to act in this loser film. Just lost nearly 3 hours of my life I'll never get back.Finally a Hollywood blockbuster SciFi movie that delivers upon the promise of what can be. I'm not sure how plausible all of it is, but the plot and resulting character investment are ultimately satisfying, addressing basic human wants and needs. It had one less than ideal moment concerning another core human trait, but then this movie is about humanity in the end.Interesting movie. Would I watch it again? NO. Spoiler alert: Matt Damon's character is a douchebag that ends up getting himself blown up.Amazing but I had really bad connection to it so it's not the movie but the app.From my Netflix DVD list, I'm glad I didn't go to the theater and wait it out in a chair....movie too long, visually stunning but I think they went overboard with telling the story....I rate it C+Was slow and not very entertainingWay to far fetched and to scentific, but good acting and effects.Interstellar brings some fresh air into todays stagnant Sci-Fi genre. A brilliant idea followed by great visual representation of it and decent acting. This inspiring vision was unfortunately compressed into three hours with force and that's probably the movies only drawback.Interstellar is a wonderfully made film which spreads itself too thin. In an attempt to address very large issues it falls short of achieving the goal. It's a long film, but it grips your attention. The cast is excellent. The visuals are great, and if I can say so for a science fiction movie, are very realistic. The film has an interesting plot, but closer to the end it becomes very unclear. Some things are good for the books, and don't look very well on the screen. In my humble opinion, this was the case with Interstellar. Some science fiction has to be explained in verbal concepts. Visualizing it can have a negative effect, and I think it happens closer to the end of the film, where everything becomes so far-fetched that it becomes simply unpleasant.Awesome.. Really makes you wonder what's out there...Interstellar is your typical Christopher Nolan film. It has an incredible score that plays throughout essentially the entire movie, beautiful visuals, an interesting and captivating plot, great acting, great character and setting development, a heavy reliance on suspended disbelief, and enormously huge plot holes. Some people don't mind them but I have trouble with plot holes so big that they actively go against what has already been established in the story arc. Forewarning, the following sentences will contain SPOILERS that are as big as the plot holes they discuss. Now I won't get into the details on every single little plot hole and inconsistency because this review would become way too long. I will, however, touch on the two biggest ones, in my opinion, and both have to do with the conclusion of the movie so again, you've been warned. The first is the complete and total fail that is the time paradox proposed in this film, more specifically the 'bootstrap' paradox. This is based on the concept that critical content that the futures hinges on is actually acquired from the future itself. Of course, this theory is a farce but unfortunately many science fiction stories rely on it as its foundation. Theoretical physicists will disagree but they're just manufacturing job security (i.e. they're liars). I won't go into too much detail on the various examples of this paradox in the film but if you see it, it'll be painfully obvious which instances I'm referring to, as they point them out for you. The second fail is the inconsistency of time relativity, as they introduce it in the movie itself. It makes sense throughout most of the film... until the end, when Anne Hathaway somehow doesn't age. Nolan apologists will fabricate arguments to defend this or make excuses, just like they did in Inception, but the reality is that Nolan blew it here. She should've aged 51 years or more just like the rest of the people (outside of Matthew McConaughey, who was sucked into a black hole and of course survived). I mainly focused on the negatives with this review because those few negatives are what held the movie back from a perfect rating. If Nolan would've gotten out of his own way, this could've been one of my favorite science fiction films ever. Unfortunately, it was pushed back to the "really good but not great" category where so many other films reside.Too flimsy a story line for my likingObviously a lot of conflicting good and bad about the movie. Me personally.....didn't get in to it. Trailer made it look much better than I found it.Movie without the ending 5 stars. Ending: half a star.Christopher Nolan must have been a very weird kid to have dreamed this plot up. This movie is stunning, it's mind-boggling, It is simply spectacular. Although I can't quite wrap my mind around these concepts it I absolutely loved it."It's not possible." No. It's necessary.Just a disturbing yet amazing movie. Interesting plot, actors in their edges (Matt Damon, as usual, a Jerk). I wish I'll see something like that happening one day.Just a great film - best in genre since inceptionMankind is so doomed.I'm surprised it took me this long to rate such a solid flick. One of my absolute favorites, by far! Deserves higher than a 72% from critics - but then, I'm sure most of them don't have the knowledge-base to fully appreciate how accurate this movie portrays society and technology.great film. loved it"Interstellar" is a visually stunning movie, and makes you think about the future. With great actors (Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway to name but two) and great visual and digital effects, "Interstellar" becomes more than a movie. It becomes a statement. Sometimes it reaches for thoughts and facts just beyond its reach, but it holds up as a thrilling, thought-provoking movie, if I use the top reviews statements. A must see for Christopher Nolan fans.Half a step away from a legend.Despite I have seen spoilers, I am still impressed with the scene and story. Given that it is consulted with a theoretical physicist, the scientific part felt more solid and plausible. ( if not, it's fiction, remember?! :-) ) I do, somehow, feel the mumbling of Damon is a bit too much.Exciting and an interesting basis.Perfect! Excellent mix of intelligent sci-fi, dystopian future and action. An instant classic.True epic space opera with flawless performances and beautiful cinematography. This is proof that Christopher Nolan knows what he's doing.Great piece of science-fiction !Compelling, creative, pretty all around awesome.What an amazing film, I was completely blown awayawsome.....go for next part......Its a mess...but a loveable mess. Better the second time and less frustrating when you know where its going. Or not going really. Its all about the journey and the visuals here. The soundtrack is off putting at times but is like another character. Maconaghaheahey gives a good performance. Very disjointed and bloated....Nolan has got a bit carried away here it feels like and needed to inject more of a story or atleast made it shorter. It is one of those films though that will either get better over time or just be forgotten about.Hated the beginning and the ending! Countdown to takeoff was excruciatingly slow. Loved the story up until the abrupt ending.What an absolutely breathtaking film! From the dazzling visuals to the incredible music to Matthew McConaughey's performance. This is the best science fiction since Danny Boyle's Sunchine.Quite an amazing film. Probably one of the greatest science fiction films of all time. Mr. Nolan did it again. SPOILER ALERT: It was all a sham.THIS WAS A GREAT MOVIE HOPE THERE IS GOING TO ANOTHER ONEAn interesting and pretty decent movie, definitely not Nolan's bestREALLY surprised at how much I enjoyed this movie! Space films have never seemed so engrossing, despite the vastness of their material, but Interstellar will take you on quite a ride! I laughed, and I cried, and there were some amazing visuals.Very boring. It makes going into space look miserable.Nolan is one of the few directors with the ambition to tackle big topics that he can't handle, watching this movie is so frustrating that becomes annoying...This Movie Is A Sci Fi Masterpiece. People Who Say This Film Is Overrated And Boring Are So Wrong. He Mixed Together His Exhilirating Filmmaking And Kubricks Magical Wonder In 2001. This Movie Is Very Confusing So I Would Reccomend A Few Watches. Or Watch Chris Stuckmanns Brilliant Analysed Review. Many Viewers Expected To Be Spoon Fed Information And They Didnt Get That. That Is Why A Lot Of People Said This Movie Was Pretentious Garbage...watched it a solid 5 times. an epic science fiction mind bending journey. A must see.Interstellar sucks and Christopher Nolan is slowly going down the path of bad directors/writers. Now the first half of this movie was actually not that bad. It introduced us to a very different problem that planet Earth is facing and for the most part it made sense. But as soon as Coop and his crew go through the wormhole the plot goes into a controlled spiral of bullcrap where things "make sense" but at the same time it still leaves you confused and I was REALLY confused by the end of this movie. It's rare that I ever get confused when I'm watching a movie. There is a point in Interstellar where Coop and Brand go onto a planet where an hour there is seven years everywhere else or some crap like that. And they get back to their craft and their team member is an old man by that time and even though this made sense it felt so unnecessary to even add that to the story where it wasn't even needed and even if it was needed that created a huge plot hole: See Coops daughter is at least 11 or something when he left Earth right? And they say that mankind's time left on Earth is limited. And this movie expects me to believe that it's been at least seven OR MORE years since they left and they still have time left to save the people on Earth? How much time did they have again? As much time as the script calls for I guess... If you are a fan of Matt Damon I would recommend that you not see this movie to save yourself from destroying his good image from your mind. Because Matt Damon is in this and he plays the most annoying and stupid character ever: "Dr Mann". Every word that comes out from this guys mouth makes me want to punch him in the face, rip out his vocal chords and toss them and his body into the sun. Because when we initially meet this guy he's been in hyper sleep for years in order to avoid aging too much. And when he wakes up he's actually quite tolerable. But as soon as he steps outside and takes his walk with Coop he doesn't shut up for even a minute and he's just throwing out all the stuff that Nolan wanted us to understand throughout the entire movie even though we got it right after Brand said it: "Love is the one thing that transcends time and space." HOLY CRAP I GET IT LOVE LOVE LOVE! Who cares? I mean do we really need to keep saying it over and over and over again? NO! You say it once and then shut your mouth. The thing I hate about Interstellar the most though is this: When Coop goes into the Black-Hole and starts communicating with his daughter using morse code. The robot TARS asks this conveniently placed question to try and explain as they're communicating with Coops daughter: "Who put this place here?", asked TARS, "WE PUT THIS HERE! MANKIND PUT THIS HERE! WE MUST HAVE BUILT THIS IN THE FUTURE!" says Coop. And all I have to say to that is this: HOW THE HELL DID YOU COME TO THAT CONCLUSION!? What evidence do you have that could possibly back that statement up? You said so yourself earlier in the movie that you need evidence to back these kinds of things up. You are a scientist so come up with a real scientific explanation. It doesn't matter that line of the movie "explains the movie" because it does't explain anything it just wants to distract us from the fact that Christopher Nolan and his brother were being lazy writers this time around. There's not much to like about this movie. And what little there is to like is blotted out by all the bad stuff. I mean one thing I liked about this movie is the message that they were trying to say to us: "Love is the one thing that transcends time and space." And that was a really good thing to say, but I felt that it was too obvious in the way that they stated it and they repeated this to us way too many times. And to Christopher Nolan if you ever read this don't just throw stupid lines in that are meant to explain things and do not expect me to just roll with it. Because the fact that you expect me to just swallow whatever crap you shove down my throat makes me not want to see your stupid, long movies anymore. I am dreading whatever crap-fest is coming from Nolan next. Do yourself a favor and skip this movie. It'll cause a headache and it's not worth your time.This one is definitely mind bending to the point where I had to reverse and repeat lines because my brain didn't have time to process what I saw before it moved to something else. The special effects are outstanding but unfortunately I was able to correctly guess the ending within the first 20 minutes and the ride to get to that ending got more and more ridiculous as it went along. .I can very easily see and interpret foreshadowing so my daughter thinks I'm some sort of clairvoyant. I sort of wish I wasn't able to because I really like movies that surprise me...no, actually I wish movies didn't give themselves away and take some notes from M. Night Shyamalan's Sixth Sense and Signs and downplay it so I want to watch it again..Can I call this 2001 meets the Abyss? I've heard the comparisons to 2001 of course but I haven't heard the Abyss mentioned. Not the same subject matter but the last bit of the film reminds me of that. Also Sphere. And Contact. So four film fusion into something that I mostly enjoyed? I've gone back and forth between giving 3 or 4 stars and, as you see, have met myself halfway. It takes awhile for it to get started so if you don't have the patience or aren't in the right frame of mind the first 90 minutes are going to make you antsy. I didn't have a problem with it and the film had a nice tendency to either switch perspectives or get a little more exciting right as I was starting to think to myself that nothing too much was happening. Points for that. I won't be the person who can explain all the theoretical physics etc. but the film looked and felt real enough to me. The state of the Earth seemed very believable and everything looked just familiar enough with that dash of unfamiliarity to make it easy to relate too while at the same time making it identifiable as the future. I liked that we checked in on Earth - though if we hadn't I hesitate to think about how the pacing would have gone. Overall I enjoyed myself. The music was awesome but got a bit overpowering in a 2001 sort of way at bits but, again, I wasn't too horribly bothered. Definitely would be up to watching this again.Ù?Ø°Ø§ Ø§Ù?Ù?Ù?Ù? Ø§Ù?Ø¶Ù? Ù?Ù?Ù? Ø·Ù?Ù?Ù? Ø´Ù?ØªÙ? Ù?Ø¹Ø¯ 3 Ø³Ø§Ø¹Ø§Øª ð???As I get away from Interstellar more, it has soured a bit. I will agree with many reviews here - it thinks it is far more visionary than it truly is. I do like the idea and concept behind it, but the execution is a C+, maybe B-. While I appreciate its focus and plot never wanders from exploration and thus, we are not introduced to some supernatural force or being, the script does not evolve enough to be truly thought provoking. Or excitedly entertaining. In essence, it does get lost in the middle of; does this want to be more of an action film? Or a philosophical dialogue? Or science fiction? Ultimately it tries to be all 3 and does not wholly succeed. For instance, the numerous scenes of Cooper sitting on his deck with a beer waxing poetic get very redundant, including the final one on his "new" deck. Lastly, the film's final act does become convoluted and weighed down. Also, as a couple of reviews have pointed out, vastly unbelievable even if you are suspending said belief in the first place. It somehow becomes too simplistic but confusing at the same time. I will give it three stars for some of the "action" scenes, most of the cinematography though even that could have been better with the grand scale the producers thought they were on, and also the acting for the most part, though some of the dialogue is very forced. Not a bad film but certainly not a very good one either. And at that run time, not one I'll be watching again any time soon.Best movie of all time. No joke.Quite derivative in my view...saw echoes of '2001', 'Contact' even 'The Black Hole' without corresponding originality..best part of this movie is not the intellectual heft; it is the visuals. Quite mawkish as well, by the waygreat movie. matthew Mconaughey and jessica Chastain really stood out in their roles to me. the special effects were awesome. applause to christopher nolan for making 3 movies that i have loved so far.Too long and too boring. McConaughey is cast for the wrong role here, trying way too hard to be serious. He mumbles his way through lines, looking very stoned and trippy at times. Visually it's a good movie but the story line is weak and the acting overall is stagnant. I'm going to avoid all McConaughey movies going forward unless he plays a whack-job, which is perfect for.incredible!spectacular story. engulfed in every aspect.89% satisfied. #RottentomatoesInteresting although obvious plot. Good special effects.Its the 2001 space odessy of the 21st centuryScience Fiction isn't supposed to feel real, but it's nice when it feels close. This movie started slow, but built toward some tense moments before taking a turn for the ridiculous. The last 20 minutes ruined whatever it was building toward and got nonsensical. Still, some good twists and drama that it was enjoyable, but could've been a lot better.A visual masterpiece, scientifically accurate, and entertaining film. My one issue was just overall length. The last half hour, when they started to look more towards exploring things where the director and writer got to put their ideas of Tesseract into the film. Which is something that we don't have much of an idea on, but once that happened, the film started to feel too long and my interest was fading. I do recommend this to the more mature movie goers.A nice big one movie with a somehow confusing plot (need a PhD in quantum physics). The scenery and visuals are the best part and theres is to much sentimental parts for a sci-fi movie.Kind of weird and out there..Christopher Nolan, the director who brought us Memento, The Dark Knight, and Inception has brought us his most ambitious project to date with Interstellar. Interstellar maps out a one-way trip, traveling through space and time in a desperate attempt to save humanity from extinction. The story takes place in a future post-modern society. Ironically, but also unsurprisingly, farmers have become figures of great importance. Famine has hit Earth with little chance of recovery, and future generations are doomed to starvation, eventually leading to suffocation and finally - extinction. On one of these very important farms we find Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) - a former NASA pilot raising 2 children (Tom and Murph) - in the middle of a dust bowl during what seems to be the twilight years of life on Earth. On a drive back to their farm, they spot a government surveillance drone flying over their property, and Cooper manages to down it and salvage it for parts. However, the questioned remained- where was the drone going? That question ultimately leads them to an answer- an underground under cover NASA base in the middle of absolute nowhere. Oddly enough, it was a gravitational anomaly that lead Cooper and Murph to NASA, where an even greater mission was about to take place - with many, many more questions were about to be answered. To keep a long 2-hour and 45-minute story short. Cooper- the former pilot - is given the task to lead the expedition for a new home planet outside of our galaxy and into unexplored space. Unfortunately, their spacecraft can't make a quick jump to "hyperspace". However, their mission involves going head first through a wormhole to explore 3 new planets in the hope of saving the human race. A few things to keep in mind: time and space is pushed beyond all limits we ever thought were possible. And two, remember Murphy's Law - anything that can happen will happen.Não chega a um 2001, mas tem bons momentos. Quase 3 horas...Absolutely fascinating movieA little while into the movie, I decided I was too confused and I fell asleep. I'm sure it was fine for those with superior brains to me.This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It seamlessly incorporates thrilling visual features, an epic story, and scientific concepts, all within the story of a father's love and sacrifice for his children. It is grand, heart wrenching, poignant, thoughtful, and awe inspiring.Having stayed behind on Earth for the far superior Contact, it's nice to watch McConaughey finally go for ride in Nolan's 165 million dollar NASA recruitment film. The film rests completely on the very capable shoulders of McConaughey and his ability to wring genuine emotion out of even the worst of the dialogue in this movie. If you're not a fan of his Lincoln Mercury car commercials, than it would be best if you sit this one out, since this movie is pretty much a one-man show. The charismatic single-mindedness that made you believe he could win that impossible case way back in Time to Kill is what carries the audience across the time, space, black holes, singularities, and strange dimensions that exist behind bookshelves, without it being too much of a drag. Certainly Nolan's visual imagination also helps, but the galactic canvas that we witness in this film somehow comes up short when compared to similar films like Contact, 2001, and 2010. The color palette for this film is quite sparse, never much deviating from shades of grey and white on the both the surfer's paradise planet with the gargantuan waves, and later the ice plant the Klingons will eventually settle as Rura Penthe. Nolan use of color in this film rarely deviates from the cold, B&W photography that makes up our own real-life astronomy. Chastain, bless her, does the best she can with what she has. She manages to bring the only genuine humanity to this film, offering effective opposition to the zealot-like optimism of her father. The rest of the cast, surprisingly are on absolute auto-pilot, almost as if showing up purely as a favor to Nolan. Even Cain seems to be phoning it in, remembering his much better role in Children of Men. The stunt-casting in the movie calls allot of attention to itself, sometime for the better (as in Lithgow, a genre fav from 2010) and sometimes for the worst (when they unzipped Dr.Mann and I saw it was Matt Damon, I seriously broke out in derisive laughter). Poor Anne Hathaway is saddled with what is the worst monologue on the power and meaning of love I've heard in a looong time. Compared to Inception, Dark Knight, and Memento, this movie definitely rests closer to the bottom for Nolan. It's got the same problem as Dark Knight Rises with an ending that goes a few beats too far and seemingly rational man doing irrational things, all to be with Anne Hathaway. I know she's hot, but seriously, come on. The movie should have ended on Chastain and brought the drama home to her, but the last 15 minutes all feel like deleted scenes material from a special edition bluray. Instead of keeping it classy like Kubrick with an ambiguous ending, we get McConaughey stealing a Viper from some cast-off sets from Enemy Mine and jetting off into the cosmos. This after hanging out and drinking some beer with his old robot pal. Was all that really necessary? It's a good movie, one that entertains thanks to McConaughey and a nice B-plot with Chastain but dial back your expectations from "movie of the year" and comparisons to 2001.It would've been the perfect sci-fi epic, if it weren't for its weird and hokey ending.This is a dense movie - heavy themes, heavy music, difficult choices, and really heavy science. You really should watch it twice - once to enjoy it and be puzzled, and then a second time after reading a discussion of the science to sort out what made no sense the first time.Longer than it needed to be, but tense and moving. It made me want to hug my children and not let go.its main problem is being predictable and not being science nor fiction but it helped me get a better visual idea of a wormhole and time and place as dimensions. so in the end I guess I recommend watching it but am not confirming that it's a good movie.Another thought provoking masterpiece.This film is really clever, enjoyable and more importantly, believable and it's definitely worth a 2nd watch (which I enjoyed more the 2nd time around). Would advise to watch.When I was a kid my Mom told me about a book she read which likened the earth to a dandelion seed. I hope one day this will be the case. Loved this movie because of it's hope for the future.Human relationships amid the complex world of Astronomy and Quantum Physics. Well I must be mad about science! Here's my take on INTERSTELLAR. After months of zeal and tremendous patience, Christopher Nolan's "Interstellar" has finally conquered the screens; bearing the promise to test the uncharted horizons of space and time. This futuristic sci-fi flick deals with the outer space exploration in search of mankind's next potent habitat after Earth's imminent apocalypse. Thus, it ignites the idea of an interstellar travel which in turn makes this young lad extremely appreciate the marvels of science. I'm a sucker for space films (talk about 2001: A Space Odyssey / Gravity / Apollo 13 / The Right Stuff to name a few) and "Interstellar" fits right in to the core of its infinite realms. Two major things that create huge relevance and add solid layers to its outwardly complex storytelling- (1) its bold and casual way of explaining scientific and mathematical studies as if we've understood them our whole life and (2) its harmony with human emotions (they can even talk about love by not sounding too tawdry!). Thanks to Nolan and his team for making both aspects work for 169 minutes. I may not say that it is a great ensemble given the fact that some roles are underutilized. However, I do love how its three leads (Matthew McConaughey / Anne Hathaway/ and Jessica Chastain) and its select support (Michael Caine, Mackenzie Foy and Matt Damon) channel the message to their audience with the right amount of subdued characterization. It's been a wise decision to witness its awesome visuals via IMAX 70mm film projection. Nolan has been an advocate of shooting his project with IMAX cameras and film rolls for its real worth. Hans Zimmer's score offers a new level of cinematic musicality (though sometimes sound mixing has ruined some dialogues). The surreal feeling of being into space has been heightened during its moments of silence. In return, my senses dictate as if I'm part of the grand scale. Questions of great depth about the film are underway. Plot holes are being scrutinized. But in its truest form of entertainment, I believe it has served its purpose that well. The ride may be turbulent but it's all worth the wait. This may not be the best Nolan film (keeping "Memento" on its top spot) but it conveys a whole new perspective about the relative existence of galaxy far beyond one's imagination. Pretty ambitious yet truly substantial. Wormhole. Fifth dimension. Murphy's Law. 4.5/5 folks.Not engaging enough for the length of the movie...INTERSTELLAR is one for the ages. I like complex science films like Nolan's INCEPTION film but this one takes the cake for being original, intriguing and downright sad while maintaining hope for humanity. Matthew McConaughey is truly spectacular in this film as an ex NASA pilot turned farmer with two kids. He is a master at the craft of acting, this guy who burst onto the screens as the guy who says the now famous "alright alright alright" film quote from DAZED AND CONFUSED dazzles in this film. The movie deals with a sort of complex narrative dealing with recently discovered new planets beyond our galaxy. Past NASA explorers found them in their journey but didn't make it back. The crops keep dying each year leaving farmers with no crops to make profit, leaving small hope for humanity. Enter ex NASA pilot Cooper (McConaughey) he finds a very secret NASA base thanks to coordinates he decrypted from his daughter Murph's bedroom (played by Jessica Chastain and Mackenzie Foy). There he meets Professor Brand played by Michael Caine and his daughter Brand (played by Anne Hathaway) who essentially tell Coop to go on this mission to record as much data as he can from the newly discovered planets and come back in time to save humanity. He is told that he may not be back for two or more years and the scene where he has to break it to his daughter is heartbreaking. There is a twist to this mission, a very deceitful twist that ruins many lives but ruins Coop's life the most. I wouldn't call the film depressing but it is sad in a hopeful way. I like the on board robots that ride along the pilots to navigate them and to give them very useful information kind of like HAL in 2001. The robots named CASE and TARS also serve as the robot in individual space ship flying ALA R2-D2. The questions that the film evokes are thoughtful enough to make us wonder what the future holds for humanity. There are times when I stumble on online or newspaper articles with headlines reading "scientists find water on new planet" or "new planet discovered?" Hell, even rich people have already paid for the first seats aboard a space shuttle that will take them to a new planet once it is possible, even though it is years and years far from happening. There are possibilities out there that maybe one day we will see what INTERSTELLAR already displays in this great film. The acting is SUPERB from the whole cast but am really impressed with McConaughey, I will never forget his performance as Cooper. To end this review I will say that as a film buff/movie goer there are rare times that I tear up when seeing a film, not actually bawl but just tear up. This film builds up to the possibility of Coop not ever seeing his kids again...ever, once the film gets to the point and Coop is able to see messages of his kids, I literally cried as if one of my family members died. It was emotionally powerful that it felt like an emotional gut punch and it was even more realistically heightened by McConaughey's performance. I loved this movie.When Cooper woke up after recused... why not just pick up a phone and chat w/ his daughter???! He should go recuse Dr Brand ASAP........... Anyway, this is a good movie.Normal my sister and I have differences of opinions when it comes to movies. We are on the same page on this one to a point. It was a very good movie until the end. A great concept expertly delivered...But for 2 hours and 49 minutes, they could have ended it much better than that.Very perplexing, amazing visuals, compelling plot, so amazing!!!!A brilliant story, with touches of Arthur C Clarke, Robert Heinlein, and Isaac Asimov. It examines humanities quest for knowledge, the challenges these quests will pose and the reason behind them with a mix of human frailties. The potentially only failing of this movie has is its length. At 2 hours and 49 minutes you need some time to spare but well worth it in the end.Some people may or may not be turned off by the philosophical/time/space/gravity meet in one dimension, and I can understand that, but even so, this movie is pretty difficult to not love.Uz svu znanost koju poznajemo, religije kojima pripadamo, nasim svjetonazorima pogledima na svijet kakvim smo okruzeni, svemirom u kojem se nalazimo. Ljubav je univerzalna vrijednost koja ne poznaje granice i dimenzije. Ljubav, jedina stvar koja pokrece covjeka vrijedna je zivota I zrtve. Interstellar umjetnicko djelo i po meni jedan od onih filmova koji otvara puno tema kojima smo na neki nacin okruzeni svaki dan. A uz sve to priblizio nam teme kao gravitacija, crne rupe I svemir. Dakle, paralelni svjetovi definitivno su po meni prisutni a sve to pokrece ljubav jednako Bog. Ljubav je Bog.Great concept and story. Short on special effects though.Okay.. so they redid "Contact" for 2015. Very nicely done! Nolan (again) does a great job of combining the realistic with the fantastic. Although I hated Contact, which was really just a bundle of feelings masquerading as a sci-fi flick, this one is definitely worth seeing. There is enough hard science fiction here to please just about any true fan of the genre. Caution: This movie is nearly three hours long, so be sure you've got more than one bag of popcorn ready to go. Honestly, maybe Nolan ought to take a shot at redoing Ghostbusters... I'd love to see his take on it.With a wonderful cast, a compelling storyline, and stunning cinematography, this film is not only visually impressive, but also tells a story about human emotion that is incredibly captivating.One of the best space movies in a long time. So much more than the previews offer. Absolutely amazing.if you have 2 hour and 40 min with out one thing to do I would cut off a foot or a arm before I sat down to this movieAmazing. Might be really long, but you don't feel it. If you have watched much Sci-Fi, you'll recognize the many allusions to numerous well known films.An 'near' future story of the end of earth. Quite a lot of difficult terms that may not known to every one, although the movie is trying to tell what the 4th dimension and passing thru it. Still not easy if not study physics much.Thanks God for Interstellar! Who would be able to bring to life such deep ideas about time? Relativity has never been explored on screen with such depth of characters and emotions. People who don't like it are just not ready yet. Nolan is just pushing the boundaries of science fiction in a visionary way. Fiction is just a reflection of the evolution of human consciousness. This is avant garde cinema marketed just like a blockbuster.I'm typically a Nolan fan and I liked the visuals, but I guess I'm just too dumb to understand the plot.Not Stellar on all five dimensions... I should have listened to moorse code and stayed back home.Esta pelÃ­cula estuvoooo buenÃ­simaaaaa!!!!! Â¿QuÃ© sucederÃ¡ con nuestra especie? Â¿QuÃ© es el Universo?I couldn't follow what was happening and the thought of Matthew Mc and Anne Hathaway as starting a new population was pretty scary.This movie was absolutely amazing! I experienced every emotion and sat on the edge of my seat for the entire glorious ride.Far from being perfect but nonetheless WOW! Maybe I am just biased from watching 2001 and Solaris but but this is one spectacular (and long) movie. Bravo Christopher Nolan. You kept me on the edge for almost 3 hours.Very well written, acted and directed.Amazing and Original!Some movies make you ask a question. That question for me was "What the Hell is this?" What a waste of time.You'll either hate it, or love it. Some people only like explosions and action (you know who you are), and this movie takes a more philosophical approach to the survival of humanity. There are plenty of other action packed space movies for you other guys to watch.Spent the first hour wondering where the store begins. Spent the last hour and a half wondering why I watched the first hour.For Christopher Nolan even this is way out there. Hard to grasp but easier to understand than inception, thoughtfully put together but not the expanse of memento, Interstellar is a middle of the road film for Nolan. The cast is fantastic and watching them grow over such an expansive out of time (including the films length) is challenging but rewarding. It feels as though Nolan maybe the next Kubrick...Different but too long.....One of the worst most boring movies I've ever seen. SUPER SNOOZE FEST! Can't believe it got such great reviews. Poking myself in the eye would have been better. Two hours & forty nine minutes of my life I can never get back.It was well made, I just didn't like the ending and thought it should have been cut down some more.It was well made, I just didn't like the ending and thought it should have been cut down some more.Excellent movie. Starts a little slow, but worth the wait.the annoying background music just the tip of an incomprehensible, drawn-out, pseudo-sci-fi with mumbled lines and an insufferable three hours to connect the tenuous if not nonsensical dots.The movie was long boring , predictable, and stupid. the first two hours were a long, boring,and predictable. while the last hour was just stupid.A Movie that makes you think.Boring and more boring. Watched for over an hour and didn't care about the characters, plot, or anything. No way I could have survived the additional 1 hr and 49 minutes of this horrible movie.A little long and a little far fetched, but I liked it.Visually great, lacking every other way.A good watch need a quick room & popcornDeep, gripping, with the mindf**k effect aftertaste...Awesome movie, a lil long and drawn out but goodInteresting but long and slow, worth the watch but just okThe Best Sci-Fi in a decade!Good. A little strange but goodThe thing with space travel is it takes a long time to get there. So long that I had to fend off my own version of suspended animation a couple of times before the pay off at the end.really fun engrossing movie. but dialogue really hard to hear despite great soundtrack"Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends time and space."it was by far one of the Best SIFI films I have ever seenThis film literally takes my breath away, the emotion and beautiful visuals along with the incredible soundtrack makes this an absolute must watch!One of the great sci-fi epics, this generation's '2001'.Amazing! A new space odyssey for a new generation.Loved it. I love intelligent films.Not since Gravity has a movie been so unusual, emotional, and beautiful this film is truly epic film making it is unlike anything I've ever seen before it is unexplainable and must be seen to be appreciated!!!!!It was a great movie! I was iffy about it at first but it is worth watching.This actually felt like two movies to me. Two movies that were awesome and fantastic in their own right, but had a hard time fitting together. You have a end of days-esque save humanity Science Fiction Movie, and then a mind bending crazy Christopher Nolan trip. Both are certainly entertaining, but fail to mesh completely for me. (Some of the story conclusion while cool - didn't seem to fit with the rest of the movie). I still loved the movie. Any movie that can make me sit and think after it is finished is well worth it in my opinion.quite possibly the best movie i have ever seen... so. damn. good.A perfect game with time, space, dimensions and life stories.not bad just too longFantastic both visually and concept! Loved it!What a poetic gem together with taht brilliant sound track of Hans Zimmer. I like how they did this 5th dimension thing. That was very well done for my taste. I listened the Soundtrack later and fell in a deep relaxing meditation.Visually, Christopher Nolan's 2014 sci-fi is a treat, but the story is a let down, especially in the final half hour when it descends into the completely nonsensical. Set in a future where the last generations of Earth are plagued by giant dust clouds and limited to farming labour just to keep the food chain going, a former pilot (Matthew McConaughey) stumbles by chance on a NASA base and the small group of scientists jump at the chance to tell him that Earth's days are numbered and they want him to lead a mission to find another planet on the other side of a wormhole capable of harbouring human life. There's some dramatic moments when McConaughey has to say goodbye to his kids before heading out into the great void of the universe, but the scenes feel quite rushed. The scenes in space are brilliantly realised, especially the journey into and through the black hole and the universe on the other side, consisting of phantom time zones, a planet formed entirely of ice and another where water covers the entire surface and giant tidal waves prevent any chance of life settling. It's after the discovery of these uninhabitable planets that the film completely loses it's way. Taking us away from the meat of the story and the intergalactic space voyage in favour of following McConaughey's now grown up daughter (played by Jessica Chastain), now working for NASA and generally acting like a bit of a bitch due to her "daddy issues". The 2001 (A Space Odyssey) inspired finale then goes off the scale, treating science as mere folly as it presents a moral that we should all trust in love and let it be our guide. Either that or NASA can't be trusted. It's unfortunate that story descends into incredulity, the visual effects and production values, like Christopher Nolan's previous movies, cannot be faulted and some of the scenes are very well realised. Perhaps it's ironic that a film about black holes should have so many plot holes, as well as being so long that you may also feel that decades have passed while you were watching.Amazing cinematography throughout, great story about the end of earth and how earthlings may still survive but the last twenty min were a little too trippy for me.This was an amazing movie. Especially for those interested in metaphysics.very forgettable this film, really didn't go anywhere in the end. Hope there are no plans for Interstellar 2.This film had infinite possibilities with what it had to work with and I feel like they could have done so much more. Maybe it's the Star Wars fan in me that wanted to see more planets and a happier ending for our main characters, but I thoroughly enjoyed this movie nevertheless.This movie was AMAZING. Not very movies these days hold my attention even after it has ended. I felt it was intense, emotional, and epic. Even though it was a bit long I would definitely watch it again. ONLY complaint: The background music was a tough loud, and sometimes the voices sounded like they were mumbling.This is by far the best sci-fi movie I've seen in my lifetime. Finally a work based on solid science, taken from a mix of confirmed evidence, strong theories, fascinating postulates and plausible hypotheses. To viewers with strong forward-looking minds, this movie is sure to be an exciting journey and is worthy of your intellect. Kip Thorne and Christopher Nolan created nothing short of a masterpiece and set the bar very high for future science-fiction adventures.This was a beautiful movie both in story and in execution. It was a cinematic treat that only those of Nolan's caliber can bring us.Best film I've ever seen. Watched it 5 times since it released in cinema, including 3 times at the cinema. Already watched the special features in one sitting. I love this film so much.The single worst movie I have ever seen in my life. Unintelligible, derivative, and not coming close to believable. I can't believe those great actors did this dog.''Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.''I finally saw Interstellar and while it's not a perfect film I enjoyed it. The special effects and acting were great. The story was compelling. Though if one scrutinize the plot they will probably find holes in it. Overall, I liked it. And it has Jessica Chastain, who is probably the best actress working today. I can watch almost anything with her. Also, currently I am taking an astronomy class and my professor liked the film and he says they got the science more or less right, especially the science involving the black hole. And did I say the film features Jessica Chastain?Visually amazing with all around fantastic performances, Interstellar is one of the best films of 2014. AInterstellar is a very well acted and visually amazing movie. The concept is very good. The earth won't survive so we must travel to other solar systems in search of a new planet. The movie is long but I highly reccomend watching thisOne of the worst movies ever!great movie (love the plot twist)an intense, must see thriller5 star! Not 4.5 best movie I have seen all year. Absolutely amazingBreathtaking! Love the story! Amazing pictures and music!Enjoyed this film whilst admitting to getting lost at points with the confusing adaptation of known science. The scenes in the dusty farmland were beautifully shot.Interstellar is one of the most thought-provoking films of 2014. It is a visual masterpiece, combined with a thrilling-yet complicated storyline that leaves the audience gob smacked by the conclusion.Nolan once again left the world in awe with Interstellar though many claim it to be greater than it actually is. It is a good film, but it's overrated.Brilliant script, great soundtrack, and amazing special effects. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.Despite acouple of neat effects (mostly non-CGI) and some interesting plot points, the movie constantly drags on many different scenes and still leaves off on a cliffhanger. Not to mention, every once in awhile I literally can't take the acting or even the effects seriously.What a great movie this was, I truly enjoyed it...very interesting! What If?About as far away from the Lincoln Lawyer and Devil Wears Prada as you can get for McConaughey and Hathaway, but just as good of a performance for both. I can see why this movie won an Oscar for visual effects. Well worth a look.What an experience! Really long, but keeps me thinking about it's incredible ideas long after the film has ended. Probably my favorite Nolan film following The Dark Knight.Very good movie 3 Hours... But it feels like 3 minutes............ ;-)Now this was a fantastic movie. I enjoyed every twist and turn along the way, and it walks the sci-fi line very cleverly. I also thought the acting was phenomenal, and yes, I include Matthew McConaughey in that statement. A definite must-see.Just when I hoped that they would never make another terrible movie like "2001: A Space Odyssey"...This movie should be rated one of the best movies of the year, or at least be on the top 10. Very good movie, the ending was speechless. Great acting from Mcconaughey. Highly recommended movie.Ok, he ejects and ends up behind his daughter's book shelf. Really... out of them hole galaxy he ends up behinds his daughter's book shelf. Really! And we are suppose to buy this? He ejects while is ship/pod is breaking up while in some black hole and he ends up behind his daughter's book case. Really! That's when the movie went Bonkers.The science is just stupid. This is just a small sample: - They are on a planet with 3G and the time runs 1 hour / 26 years on earth - The main guy jumps and goes through an event horizon on a black hole without being smashed or killed by radiation - A planetary system with 12 planets on the golden zone that can support life? really? oh yeah, and there's this gigantic black hole right there on the planetary system and nothing happens. - They just rip the plastic bag that holds the people in animated suspension and they just jump back to life. I mean, I could go on and on and on. They make an error pretty much every time they introduce a new technology or idea. This has to be the worst sci-fi movie I've seen in many, many years. Even if you delete the sci and leave just the "fi", it's still boring and plainly stupid. If you're a sci-fi fan I say do yourself a favor and skip this movie.It's too long and the plot has some black holes but it's saved by strong performances from Mcconaughey and Chastain.A very unique film. If you watch it, make sure its on a large screen with the speakers cranked up. The sound is incredible.I will have to watch this film again to see if I should increase to 4 or 4.5 stars.Favourite movie of the last 10 years.Boring, extreme and pessimistic..Overall the story is bad as the only character you care about is McConaughey. The visuals blow you away but the movie is always on a clock. Eventually in the third act they attempt to make an interesting sub-plot but by the end it makes no real sense. The actors talk in the language of science and barely take the time to translate it to English.4.5 out of 5 stars. Black holes, 5th dimensions, end of the world, oh my! This is a second time watch for me and I admit I'm not smart enough to pick up on all of the jargon. That said, I still loved this film. It is visually awesome and conceptually cool. I think the part I enjoyed most is that at the heart of it all, it's a father-daughter story. Jessica Chastain gives such a moving performance as the grown up Murph. Surprisingly compact for a close to 3 hour film and I do love Hans Zimmer's musical score!Great in the cinema but really enjoyed it more the second time around, the special features disc is really goodreally good movie...Great movie, fantastic soundtrack, and incredible cineamatogrophy. A movie's visuals have never made my head literally spin like this one did. The movie takes a risk by exploring the unknowns of space, and personally I believe it works. Another fantastic film from Christopher Nolan.Extremely far fetched and extremely slow. I don't understand why these type of movies get such great reviews. The special effects weren't even that great and plot has serious holes in it. Don't wast even 2 bucks at redbox on this crap!!A good story, a bit drawn out, at times over dramatic. I wasn't impressed with the score. Obvious homages to Kubrick, rightfully so. I don't know of any other filmmaker who could have succeeded, at this level, while basing such a large portion of the story on incredibly complex theories. The film got it all wrong, of course, but it was entertaining and visually captivating.. And by captivating, I mean "Stop the spinning!" Whew! That was an intense visual that I can't recall ever experiencing before on screen. Throw out your copies of "A Brief History of Time" and make sure the dogs have been taken out... This is a marathon of a film that takes you to our planets, the stars, and back.Interstellar is intimate and ambitious in its scope. It felt like 2001 a Space Odyssey and Contact which means it's not a Hollywood shoot-em-up blockbuster so much as a meditation on today's hot science topics, paternal love and secular philosophy which is the stuff of great science fiction in my opinion. The science is mostly legitimate, as an expert on relativity theory was consulted and even produced the movie. Check out the many videos online regarding the science of Interstellar, where Dr Tyson chimes in nicely there. The plot's fulcrum is where sentiment replaces science fiction. It goes the way of Contact, and if you've ever seen Contact, you'll know what I'm talking about: It wrings out emotion on the micro scale of the relationship between father and daughter when in my opinion it could and should be doing something much more epic. So if you want a bro hang with some smarts, it falls on it's face because at its core it's basically a tear jerker. They marketed it right because you get that melancholic feeling in the trailers. I watch it on my own, because I have a daughter and I get it. The plot borrows from that famous Star Trek The Next Generation episode called "The Inner Light" (the one where Picard plays the penny flute and lives a lifetime in twenty minutes.) That much smaller piece of sci-fi writing is more effectively emotive, but Interstellar does spectacle and science very well and for that, I give it three and a half stars our of five.This was the most depressing movie I ever saw.A bit long but good acting. The science seemed pretty solid behind what they did with space stuff. I would say it's a 80/100 rating.Greatest movie experience in the 21'st century.This movie is what would happen if Gravity went to college.Loved It one of my favoriteI am 68 years old and I have to confess I still do not comprehend "2001, a space odyssey" but that does not mean I did not appreciate the effort and insight. The best analogy I can use to explain "Interstellar" is to relate the feeling of sitting in the back seat of our 58 Ford on our way to summer vacation. The ride was too long, at times excruciatingly boring yet peppered with wonderful sights and the warm feeling of being with family. I used to think the journey would never end and that the destination better be really rewarding to make the trip worth it....it always was then and it was too at the beautiful ending of this great film. Still glad I could pause, eat, take a short nap and resume. Interstellar should have included a night;s stay in a comfy motel. When you have time...see it by all means.The depiction of time in this film and its various states was simply mind blowing. Everything else in this film is a little confusing.Having Matthew McConaughey as LITERAL rocket scientist is far from convincing, but not nearly as odd as having Matt Damon appear in the middle of the movie as a sociopath/intergalactic serial killer. Anne Hathaway's "cool, calm, and collected" demeanor is obnoxious and she appears to have stepped out of a Talbots Ad. I think she was aiming for the unsexy version of the chick from The Matrix. Let's throw in Casey Affleck as a chubby drunk that may or may not abuse his family. John Lithgow and Michael Caine must've owed someone a favor by appearing in this film. Jessica Chastain is incredibly inconveniencing as her fathers protégé being a rocket scientist with daddy issues. Oh, and hey, the guy from the 70's show makes a cameo and is the only redeeming dweeb of this movie. What rock did they find William Devane curled under? and Why throw him into this star studded film? Cool idea....terrible execution. It's like Armageddon meets Joe DirtReminiscent of 2001:A Space odyssey. Entertaining and better than a good movie.Not just the best Sci-Fi/Space based film ever, the best film ever. FULL STOP.Had to see it a second time! Quite unusual for me.. ð???unfortunately, over-rated. the premise of the script is utter garbage. the script is bad. Just plain bad. The movie doesn't stay true to its rules. There is no theory in which going down to ANY planet would stretch the time like it did in the first planet. Travelling at the speed of light does. The film is not boring but the plot holes destroy it.the ost is as brilliant as the movie. excellence achievedThe end of the movie was not expected at all. I thought visual effects were great and so was the story. I did find many parts of the movie a little confusing and had to rewind to catch what I wasn't grasping. Enjoyed it but not my favorite.Best sci-fi movie since Alien. 5/5A thrilling, profound, emotional, epic space ride/opera, with a brain. Ok its not perfect and it does have 'holes'. But this is entertainment at the end of the day, so it doesn't matter? If youre gonna watch one film before you die, make it this one :) Ps If anyone has bought this and they didn't like or get it let me know and I'll buy it off you...Absolutely worst movie ever!! I should have cleaned house instead for 3 hours.good then dull then good again then dull. then good at the endA great concept and a really good start for Nolan's latest sci-fi. I loved the 'scientificity' of the first part of the movie, and the fact that for once writers have considered the importance of relativity in space travel. I was equally disappointed by the lack of any scientific grounding in the second half of the movie, when all the good bits (believable tech and exploration of mildly horrifying new worlds) get thrown away to make way to 'love'. Anne Hathaway's character finds the right planet because of...love? Even better, Jessica Chastain manages to retrieve massively complicated equations and saves humankind thanks to...love? Mr Nolan, you teased me and left me waiting, I sure expect more from your future exploits.Great visuals (of course). Solid acting (to be expected). Mrrmlrmm level of science (so sue me). However, slight unbalance of what I like from my story pacing. Not enough emphasis on the end solution, the how. Even a simple diagram or fade to the distance teacher/museum guide explaining how exactly we were liberated from Earth would've been the cherry on top. Cherries deserve their own star.Very disappointed; did not meet my high expectations. The over acting to make up for the lame script was painful to watch. I would put this sci-fi attempt in the same class as Lost In Space.I find it funny how Christopher Nolan said in one way or another that he dislikes blockbuster films, and yet, that is all he has ever made, however there is one thing that can always be said, he puts a hell of a lot of effort into whatever he does and takes risks. 'Interstellar', even if you like nothing else about it, is a deniably very unique experience. If I needed more of a reason to hate 'Gravity', this film serves up nicely as this film has what that film sorely lacked, characters to give a damn about, a good story- or just a story in general and spectacular special effects. I remember reading a lot about the cast for this film with one specific cast member they didn't want to spoil and I thought the actress who played old Murph was that person but I don't that was it, however, this cast does have some nice surprises and is excellently chosen. Seeing David Oyelowo in a small role was weird though, thought he'd have come back into play a little later on, but nope. If this story didn't have Cooper and Murph, there would be very little to care about as all the other characters are poorly written at best. I really couldn't care about Anne Hathaway's character because her motivation changes on a dime and her performance wasn't good enough to try to save it. David Gyasi did a good job and I would have liked to have seen him in Hathaway's role instead and the other guy in the film had a stupidly written exit, it was his own fault as he was standing outside the craft for too long. The other actors were a nice surprise, which I won't spoil and I was surprised it wasn't Michael Caine as the grandfather and the actor who plays Cooper's son when he is older looks like he is trying to do a Jesse Pinkman impression. People were talking about Matthew McCounaghey getting another Oscar nomination for this and I can see why, the scene where he looks at messages from his family and starts to cry was a powerful moment in particular and he does an excellent job overall. The ending as well when he ends up where he is and starts to shout and cry again. Some might think that he was only in this because he won an Oscar previously but they were filming this long before that. Young Murph, who reminds me of a young Claire Danes, does an excellent job as well and her relationship with Cooper is really believable and seeing her throw that watch made me sad, I just wished she picked it up right there and then, it was an excellent moment. However, she also looks a little like Anne Hathaway as well and I wondered if that was going to be a plot point of some kind, but no, it's much different. TARS was a very nice addition, besides being a horribly designed walking fridge, he was funny and could do a surprising amount of things, I did find it odd that he spoke at first, reminded me of Lego, which is funny because the space station's thrusters reminded me of Lego as well, which is an apt comparison because whenever ships attached to the space station, it looked like models. Everything about the films craft is excellent. The soundtrack is absolutely outstanding, Zimmer was asked to create something unique and he has done that and all without reading the script, it's incredible. I knew Desplat was going to win the Oscar but if anyone else deserved it, it was Zimmer. It's powerful, awe-inspiring and totally unforgettable, it just adds so much to the film. I have very easily listened to its tracks on an hour loop, however, in the film, sometimes it was so loud I couldn't hear what some people were saying and at some parts it seemed like it was so loud that it was even overbearing itself. The fact this film got a nomination for its sound mixing is weird, but hey, let's not knock what it did get nominated for because it was already robbed enough as it is. The visual effects were perfect and even without the 3D they had me on the edge of my seat, something that 'Gravity' wishes it could have done. The scene where Cooper falls into where he does at the end was quite terrifying, thinking that he would be stuck in a place with what looked like support beams for the rest of eternity was hard to watch but it all worked itself out before long and I don't care if my ship told me to eject, there is no way I'd do that in the emptiness of space all alone. The cinematography was excellent as well and very vivid, both on Earth and in space, even though sometimes around the house it had darkened areas around the corner of its lens, but I am nitpicking at this point. I also really liked the design of the suits, as well as Mann's. The film had smart transitions and I liked the wormhole explanation, even if 'Event Horizon' had done it. Before watching, I thought the surprise of seeing an old Murph would have been an accident caused by Cooper going through a wormhole but the way it plays out is still sad, even if they left the first planet too fast in a way that it felt like it just existed for that purpose. And I know it's a real poem but it made me laugh that it had 'rage' and 'dying of the light' in it as those were two of Nicolas Cage's films in 2014. This film has a perfect build up and the first 40 minutes are on Earth, some feel that is too long of a time but it works excellently as we get to learn about our characters, even if I didn't think the writing in this film wasn't particularly subtle. And honestly, the biggest problem I have with this film is its writing. When I hear characters talking about, 'we need to adapt', and, 'repopulate', I felt like I was being bashed over the head with its theme and that was only after a few minutes, which, okay, might be a tad coincidental but when I read before the film that Cooper's daughter was called 'Murph' I was already rolling my eyes. I'm glad that they bring that fact up in the film though and even though there is an explanation for it, again, it didn't feel subtle. It was also weird to see him hijack something at the start and dismantle something that wasn't his, regardless of whether or not it's abandoned. Also, we see a little glimpse of his life before, in a dream he has, but we really don't know anything else about that part in particular. I didn't really like the ending either, the whole solution to the big issue is very cheesy and wraps up a bit too nicely, whilst taking place in a very Inception-y looking place. The ending just relies on a very overdone and silly theme that is so bad it verges on re-write territory, earlier in the film someone mentions something about love and Cooper pretty much shuts that down, which was good but to have it rely so much on that near the end is bad. It wasn't awful but for how serious and scientific the rest of the film was, looking back on the ending, the film should have been changed a little as it conflicts with itself. It also seemed like the film finally got back to its premise the closer to the end it got because it seemed like someway in the middle it forgot what its whole point was. They should have made Cooper just a single father with a daughter because I didn't even know his character had a son until the film started, all I heard about going in was Murph and all he went on about in the film was her, he had a clear favourite, it seems. Saying that, it was heartbreaking to see him lift up those covers in the truck again and not see her underneath, but it does go back to the old saying, 'daddy's little girl', but still, it's strange. The naming of the character 'Mann' wasn't particularly subtle either, it did make me laugh though that whenever they tried to tell Mann to stop; it cut them off mid sentence. This film has quite a few, very smart, twists which all add layers to the film, however, once again, I really feel like the ending was someone just writing down techno-babble, whilst working in the cheese, on the page and just sort of expected the audience to just accept it and go, 'yes... Okay I get it'. I know they had a scientific advisor on this film with set guidelines on what to do but this is all science fiction, it really is. It has its moments in there but the longer everything goes on, it's all fantasy, I mean, there is no way a ship could attach to an out of control space station and that's not even the worst of it. Not to say that brought me out of the film but for anyone trying to say this is all 100% accurate, you're having a laugh, right? I thought this would try to be too much like '2001', I mean, just looking at the title of the making of video- 'Nolan's Odyssey', implies that, it even has some very '2001' inspired imagery at points but this is an excellently made film but just has a number of things that really holds it back. The film might have opened up second to 'Big Hero 6', enraging Nolanites everywhere but we can all agree it is just nice to see a director taking risks and in such a big Hollywood production, as well. This film completely buries 'Gravity' and is another film sorely underappreciated in the awful Awards season 2014. This film challenges our brains and really gives the audiences something to grab onto but I do feel the fact that another space themed film came out the year before is what really hurt this. I know I might have complained for most of this review but it's because I absolutely love everything else and I was totally invested in the film. I thought the running time was a tad long at first but I really can't think of anything to take out as it all works perfectly to make a one of a kind experience. However, people shouldn't just let an acclaimed director get away with whatever they want because there is a masterpiece somewhere in here but some last minute writing really hurts it but as it stands it's still excellent in its own right.very boring. I didn't like this movie at all.Get used to turning you soundbar up and down, the characters mumble throughout.Finally watched this! One epic drama. This left me feeling something powerful in my soul.Great noise but overall it's average.Puts a whole new spin on black holes, our existence & the universeâ?¼ï¸?One of the most interesting movie i have seen in a very long time. This film not only shows the imagination few movies in this era have but also the middle ground for wanting more yet left at ease for the ending. Thumbs up for this film , no master piece.It felt like a fairly solid summer blockbustery film until he entered the black hole...then the whole thing fell apart under the weight of a cheesy, forced endingA thrilling and cerebral space exploration adventure that does not shy away from difficult scientific theories as an integral part of the story. As intimidating as that might sound, the ideas are explained adequately and in brief, simple terms. Despite all the science, its real emphasis is on philosophy and humanity. Great special effects and cinematography with good performances. And who wouldn't love seeing Anne Hathaway do her thing in a space suit? See it!El rey de la selva. Nadie ruge más fuerte que ella. Nadie exhibe una melena tan corpulenta. Nada se le compara en escala, tamaño y ambición.After seeing the initial mixed reviews when Interstellar was first released, I decided to pass on seeing this film in the theater. What a mistake. I can safely say that this Christopher Nolan movie is grossly underrated. I'm guessing that many critics struggled with the 'science' in the movie. While there are undoubtedly portions of the movie that stretch physics, the purpose is to bait the viewer into thinking about philosophy, metaphysics, and the gravity of human nature. At it's core, Interstellar aims to create discussion about our drive to explore, our desire to uncover the unknown, and the meaning behind our relationships.Christopher Nolan est tellement une valeur sûre...À voir absolument!Christopher Nolan is thumbing his nose at us while at the same time giving us the middle finger. Why do I say that? Because he is proving that he is the best Sci Fi director since Stephen Spielberg and it isn't even close as far as his contemporaries are concerned. No ONE is touching him. If he keeps this up - he just may challenge Spielberg before it's all said and done. When it comes to something like this - Interstellar - I call this a faithful continuation of Contact starring Jodie Foster and Matthew McConnaughey from the late 90's. This is sophisticated. This is heartwrenching. This is highbrow. This is true geek sh!t like no other. Gravity was much more visually stunning - yes. But this film told a much better story. Great acting from all parties. Very solid story by Nolan and his brother, Jonathan. Paramount and Warner Brothers spent their money. And yes... this film will be going in my blu-ray collection. #McConnaissanceContinues...Woah, just woah. Story on pointVisibly beautiful and highly entertaining. On the negative side, the movie attempts to have some shocking twists and surprises, but as a result makes the plot messy. While you will (likely) enjoy this movie, you will also go to Wikipedia afterwards and read through the plot walkthrough, just to fill yourself in on pieces of the plot that you didn't understand.One of the best Sci-Fi movies in Years.Long but worth it. Great ideas with quantum physics and the exploring space and time. Constantly puts you on the edge of your seat wondering what's next !Interstellar tries too hard to be 2001: Space Odyssey and takes itself WAY too seriously in the process. Once you get past all the flash, mindf*cks and CGI, (fine, the scenery is all kinds of breathtaking), you realise the story is.. yeah, just kinda meh. Mediocre. The direct opposite of captivating or innovative. Plus the big signature Nolan twist is extremely predictable this time around. This is what people call the best science fiction film in recent time? I was thoroughly bored and even more unimpressed.I was bored a third of the time, confused a third of the time and bored and confused a third of the time.Mmmmmeh! I really don't understand how this is the brilliant masterpiece some regard it as... It's got some interesting ideas, and amazing cinematography, but it's pretty dull...A three hour time paradox sprinkled with smart sounding astronomical gibberish. I've read better versions from high school creative writing classesGood premise, but the movie is disjointed and quickly becomes boring... and long. In the end there are dot's left unconnected and several dots forced into connecting that just don't make sense, even for science fiction.not bad but very slowThis movie was a supreme letdown. Overly long with dragged out scenes. That It had some good actors is about the only redeeming aspect to it. It should have been cut down by at least 30 minutes. Superfluous scenes reigned supreme in this flick. A total waste of time. It was like watching air in a vacuum bottle.it's new. It's like a dream space american. The music like the black hole is fascination. Great movie for learn to live on earth, not in the stars.My new favorite movie! â?¤Great movie - amazing storytelling - beautiful visuals. The characters are rich and refined. Perfectly cast - and well wrought. Michael McChaunaghey is awesome. If you love Nolans work - this movie is "Pure Nolan". If you dont like this movie - quite simply - its above you ...This movie is all over the place with bad acting. I could barley understand what McCaughey was saying. Three hours of my life that I will never get back.Entertaining, but unravels fairly quickly. The entire concept completely falls apart when the cliche "mad scientist" theme is introduced about halfway into the film. This film intends to deliver a message, but misses that point by trying to stupidly wrap the plot back to the beginning of the movie.Visually appealing and good acting (although occasionally overwrought). It's an interesting ride. It could have been a great movie with a better plot.Decent presentation of the "technology is salvation" school of human philosophy. It is also long, and with a quite complicated plot that does not always hold together too well. In the end, the movie makes you feel somewhat sad and lonely - because there is nobody else out there, no God, no other beings, just us, and this time with a big fancy spaceship. But the people in this film are still lost.Christopher Nolan at his best! Intelligent plot. It will make you think.This movie gives me shills down my spine as Mathew McConaughey races to save humanity. Though it was confusing at times, I love had Christopher Nolan wrapped all the confusion up with a magnificent ending.WOW! This movie gives us hope for the future!This generation's 2001, A Space Odyssey...but better, IMHO. The acting should not have to take a back seat to the story or the cinematography, all too often the case with a scifi epic. I was enthralled, and the scene where the astronauts must dock with a damaged, spinning space station was the single most impressive space scene ever. Even the music was deserving of an Oscar. Well done.I respect the special effects department that single-handedly saved this train wreck of a movie. The writing is piss-poor, and i've seen straw that was stronger than this plot. For a science fiction movie, this has all the science of Star Trek. Is it a bad movie? Not at all. It's entertaining, and keeps you hooked throughout the runtime. But under even the simplest observation it doesn't hold up. The "philosophy" is half-assed and nonsensical, and the characters are... Meh. Nothing special, but not awful. Borderline tolerable in some cases. And the writers understanding of the fourth dimension are laughable. A space BEYOND time, and somehow the main character still doesn't have enough time???best space and time movie everReally gripping, and well-paced (though long).this is another one of Nolan's amazing creation! its a must own with over 2 1/2 hours worth of mesmorizing entertainment.Mind bending movie..definitely one of the best looking movies ever made.it seemed like I was watching a remake of 2001 a space odysseyAbsolutely Amazing!!!! Must seeI had high hopes for Interstellar... After all, Christopher Nolan's latest film about intergalactic space travel based on scientific theories and grounded in realism... Or, so we were told... What a steaming pile of poo.... A three hour "Doctor Who" rip off that lacked any warmth and charm of the BBC's show... "Girl In the Fireplace" - Ripped off "The Girl Who Waited" - Ripped off "Silence In The Library" - Ripped off "The Impossible Astronaut" - Ripped off "The End Of Time" - Ripped off PLUS blatantly ripping off sci-fi films such as... "Aliens" - Ripped off "The Black Hole" - Ripped off "Event Horizon" - Ripped off "2001: A Space Odyssey" - Ripped off "2010: The Year We Made Contact" - Ripped off "Sunshine" - Ripped off "Planet Of The Apes (the original)" - Ripped off "The Abyss" - Ripped off "Red Planet" - Ripped off "Mission To Mars" - Ripped off A derivative, uninventive, unoriginal movie making. I'm sure I'll get responses saying that it was a "homage" and "tribute" to science fiction epic films of the past and quoting Christopher Nolan's publicity text verbatim (thereby giving additional credence to the lack of originality). As a fan of Nolan's previous cinematic triumphs, this is nothing more than a B-Grade film wrapped up in a glossy marketing campaign. Unfortunately you can't polish a turd... But you can roll it around in glitter and, in this instance, call it Interstellar!Wow Honest trailers nailed this one It DOES go full shamalayan at the endThis is an excellent movie to watch is you enjoy space travel, sci-fi, decent acting, an intelligent story line, and and thought provoking concept. Interstellar gets off to a bit of a slow start (FYI) but that is necessary for character and story development later in the movie. The entire movie weaves back upon itself very well while focusing on a central concern for humanity (our continued existence). Visually, this is a stunning movie that is best viewed on a large screen. The sci-fi concepts and technology are plausible representations of our current and near future world. The somewhat realistic use of space phenomena, time, and gravity concepts make this a fun and interesting movie to watch and contemplate. The movie over-reaches a bit with the concept of "love" and the visual representation of our 3 dimensions near the end is a bit hokey. However, that does not detract much from a strongly developed, if not a bit long winded, story of relationships, humanity, space exploration, desperation, hope, and triumph. You will be very pleased the cinematography and CGI. The musical tracks can be a bit annoying and distracting early in the film as well. I highly suggest watching this movie. If anything, you may find yourself wondering about who "they" are and why "they" helped us.If you want drama in your SC-FI with a flair of suspense as the plot unfolds,, then WATCH THIS MOVIE!!Je ne crois pas être une imbécile, mais j' ai trouvé la moitié des termes utilisés dans ce film incompréhensibles. La fin représente n' importe quoi dans le monde réel mais c' est parfait pour Peter Pan. Les images sont vraiment incroyables!Lenghty, it builds a momemtum that never seems to happen on its flawed third act. Still, masterfully acted and visually stunning enough to keep you awake during its almost 3 hours.Devo admitir, tenho problema com os filmes do Nolan, mas esse é ótimo, um dos melhores filmes de sci-fi dos últimos anos. Ele seria perfeito, uma obra-prima, se não fosse a necessidade extrema do Nolan explicar cada fato que está no filme. Alguns fatos são totalmente estragados pelo fato da explicação, deixar o público criar suas próprias conclusões às vezes é algo bastante útil...You'd have to pay me to see this one again.Great visuals but the plot is a little too sprawling.best movie I've seen in a very long timereally not built for everyone, but man what an excellent movie. missed it in the cinema but finally got to see it on blu-ray and obviously an excellent piece of work.Olipa vaikuttava filmi! Harvemmin sci-fi pistää oikeasti itkemään, mutta tämä onnistui siinä. Elokuva oli ahdistava, pelottava, surullinen. Se oli "realistisempaa" scifiä, ilman limaisten örkkien ampumisia, eli pysyin hereillä koko leffan ajan, lähes kolme tuntia. Vaikka olihan tässäkin omat uskottavuusongelmansa, ja kohtuullisen vaikeaselkoinen juoni... Mutta kun tarina oli tarttuva, toteutus huima, musiikki uskomaton ja näyttelijät mahtavia, niin lopputulos voi olla vain masterpiece. Ajanhallitsemisesta tässäkin tavallaan oli kyse, niin kuin eilen katsotussa toisessa scifissä, The Congressissa. Yhdistäviä tekijöitä oli myös tulevaisuuden dystopia, niinkuin tähän lajityyppiin usein kuuluu.One of the best films of 2014Really good and tense film, great special effects. a bit M Night Shyamalan in parts. reminded me a lot of 2001 a space odyssy in parts. but all in all a good film. worth watching.Was expecting to hate every moment. Enjoyed more than I didn't. Emotions aplenty.Review: I honestly don't think that ordinary, everyday folk like me, are supposed to understand what the hell is going on in this movie because I certainly didn't. I got the main jest of the film but the Nasa jargon went way over my head. Its also really long and I struggled to keep my eyes open, especially when there floating around space talking about things I haven't got a clue about. The main concept of the movie is that a bunch of Nasa boffins want to save the humans species by making them live in space because they can't see a long existence for humans on earth. McConaughey plays the main pilot on the space mission and he leaves his 2 kids behind to try and save humanity. Sounds simple but there are so many other elements which just made the movie confusing. In true Inception style, Nolan went way overboard with the storyline and he could have easily taken out an hours worth of footage. The beginning and the end were interesting but the main space mission was quite boring, until Matt Damon pokes his head out of the woodwork. For a Nolan film, I thought that it looked pretty basic, especially with such a big budget, but you do end up sticking with the plot because you want to see if he gets home. The ending also didn't make much sense to me because I really don't know how Hathaway was able to build a house in the middle of nowhere. Anyway, after much anticipation, I was pretty disappointed with this film but I'm sure that many other film goers will disagree with me. Watchable but not that great! Round-Up: Although I didn't really find this movie that amazing, the performances were really good from the cast and they made there impossible mission seem realistic. The little girl, played by Mackenzie Foy, has had roles in the Twilight franchise and the Conjuring so at 10 years old, she has already made a name for herself. She was a great addition to the cast along with Michael Caine and John Lithgow who also played there characters well. Anyway, I know that the main character McConaughey was really close to his little girl but I found it a bit weird that he didn't ask any questions about his son or his little baby. I also thought that Nolan could have done a better job with the robots which also looked very basic and the spaceships didn't have any attention to detail. At the end of the day, it's no way in the same class as the Batman reboot, which Nolan done extremely well and with movies like Gravity and the underrated Moon in this genre, I honestly think that it could have been simplified and a lot shorter. Budget: $165million Worldwide Gross: $675million I recommend this movie to people who are into their sci-fi/adventure movies about a crew of Nasa explorers, trying to save the humans race. 5/10Well-written and quite understandable, as Christopher Nolan apparently wanted. Seemed long (like Titanic-length long!) but was profoundly meaningful all the same.Also ties in with what I've read and experienced about how love's profoundness affects time and relativity - it's able to unravel our concept of time and enable us to be present in the moment. In Interstellar, along with gravity, love played a very unique and amazing role in communication across dimensions, and ultimately survival.A very long but very great movie.As a great fan on relativity, it´s not dificult to say that this is my favorite movie of all timeIf they would have taken a half hour off the front and put it on the back it would have been a much better movie. As it was, much was unexplained or glossed over very superficially. The actors were good, the special effects were outstanding, but the script writer must have been about 21 and playing with LEGOs. Had Robert Heinlein or Isaac Asimov been in the audience they would have probably kicked them out because they were disturbing the audience by laughing so hard.It has been along time that a movie has captured my heart. The music also captures the emotions this story tells.Philosophical concepts combined with outstanding visual effects, a beautiful soundtrack, and theoretical physics makes this one of my all time favorite science fiction movies.Christopher Nolan is one of the best active filmmakers working today. Interstellar is the latest addition to his impressive oeuvre and after the hype, anticipation and many excellent films to compare it with, Interstellar falls short of the mark. This is probably Nolan's most divisive effort. The film itself is undeniably beautiful, exquisitely filmed with strikingly good special effects. The score is also fabulously haunting. Furthermore the locations used (Iceland) are amazing. In terms of craft, Interstellar is a winner. Interstellar's convoluted and ambitious plot, however,play against it. The initial concept is very interesting, a near future earth in which humanity has irreparably destroyed the biosphere and resources have depleted. The dust storms which ravish the landscape were particularly good. However the plot soon delves into the faintly ridiculous. The story feels both believable and a bit far fetched. At times the film feels like a science lecture, which ultimately alienates and confuses. The narrative and script feels a little inconsistent, with some sequences feeling unnecessary. One major issue is the acting. Matthew McConaughey may be an Oscar winner but he was far from convincing, constantly muttering and overacting. Michael Caine also was disappointing. Anne Hathaway was decent but not excellent. Undeniably thought-provoking and impressively filmed, Interstellar is a mixed bag, sporadically entertaining but ultimately flawed.one of the best movies I have seen in years . Smart , emotional without being sappy. Great visuals . The past few years i found it hard to not fast forward movies out of boredom, I did not feel the urge once in this film .What a terrible bit of unconnected writingSo beautiful I love the music and orchestra and I arenas moments. Beautiful!A story of a man's love and hope for his potentially doomed Earthbound family - oh, and the rest of humanity too - with societal structure and the laws of physics thoroughly manipulated, ignored, and poeticized as a neato plot device/theater backdrop. If you're hoping for a solid sci-fi drama with an emphasis on the sci part, you're probably going to be be disappointed. There's certainly lots of drama however, and central to it is the ludicrously massive Hollywood-esque ego of the writers, whose own gravity apparently exceeds that of the black hole that makes an appearance in the third act. This film is part "Sunshine" and part "The Fountain" (both of which are better, by the way), and while I wish I could say that it ascends beyond being a ridiculously egotistical piece about mankind's desperate stretch - both into space and up its own butthole - for survival, I cannot. But if you don't like or agree with this review, it's OK - because LOVE transcends and conquers all, right?2 hours 50 minutes and around an hour too long. The plot is about as far fetched as you'd expect from a Sci-Fi movie and hardened Sci-Fi fans will struggle to suspend disbelief. The cgi is good but we've come to expect that. It feels full of promise at the start then it tries to hard to become a seminal piece of work along the 2001 lines and it falls a long way short. It should have gone for pace and adventure rather than depth because in trying it fails both ways.Thought provoking on all levels...a must see!Too long overall and the first hour and a half is very slow. The last hour is better but very predictable. The visuals were good though. Bottom line - this film doesn't live up to the hype.This was a very moving movie for me. Made me laugh, cheer, and cry at times.Highly entertaining and very well acted. The only problem I had was with the last 30 minutes or so...the plot kind of jumped around without really trying to explain or make sense of what was happening.great movie. thought provoking.Brutal. Liked the music.Um ex-astronauta recebe as coordenadas do local onde está a Nasa, e lá é chamado para uma expedição para localizar um planeta para substituir a Terra, sendo que descobrem que os chamados dos astronautas enviados anteriormente eram falsos, afinal só queriam ser resgatados sem morrer... Após enviar Brand para a última chance, Cooper é enviado para um local onde é possivel acessar as dimensões, e de lá envia as coordenadas para sua filha desvendar os segredos da gravidade.... Ao final se reencontra com sua filha praticamente em seu leito de morte, e depois vai atrás de Brand que já encontrou o novo planeta para habitarmos.... Um filme top do nível Matrix... Incrível...Vraiment super bon. Un peu long mais pas de longueur dans le film. Il se passe toujours quelque chose d'interessant. L'histoire est bien construite et la fin est ecoeurante. On ne s'attend pas Ã  ca du tout.an absolutely amazing movie. The end doesn't make any sense at all, but the rest of the movie is absolutely amazing, and a bit of suspension of disbelief at the end makes this an amazing cinematic experience.I cannot believe this gets 72 percent. I watched it at the theater. I watched it a second time on line and liked it a little better. But, sorry folks, the inconsistencies of time travel and the whole 'humans built this thing for me to save the world' just smacks of too much paradox to be believable. FIFTY PERCENT is giving it too much credit.Thought I would like this one more, fell asleep first time around. Not one I will ever sit through again. Decent concept, but too slow and drawn out for my taste."we weren't meant to save it, we were meant to leave it" powerful, total mind opener.Sci-Fi at its extreme, fair drama, effects were outstanding. Glad to see Mathew play a role beyond his typical scope. Must see if into space & time movies.3.5 stars - a wee bit depressingI liked it then again I like most movies it does make you think and of course if you're one of those geeks who are into time travel and folding of spacetime it's a great movie to watch and it brings forth the fifth dimensionThis may be my new favorite space movie. Although, on second viewing I may be a bit disappointed with the build-up in my head, I was a bit too mesmerized to see any flaws in the film. I was absolutely astonished with everything about this movie and the visuals are as good as ever. This movie feels realistic and is better than I could have ever guessed.Too long and sappy for me.best movie i have seen in a long timeone of the best that I have ever seenEmotional, scientific, and action packed. Everything you can ask for in a movie. A new member in my top 20.What's not to love about cutting-edge science, worm holes, black holes and monster tidal waves along with hope, love and humanity that span the expanse of time and space. My new favorite movie!brilliance would be an understatement !!Breathtaking & Convolutednever heard so much whispering in a film. great acting, great story and underrated. Def going to have to watch it again.Love the science that was woven into this movie. It makes it more realistic.Its a long, surprising, visually gorgeous, intriguing film. Loved it all. Best film in ages, but not a trivial film to watch. Prepare to pay attention!!Muy larga pero mas o menos entretenidathis movie is a new legend it is a seriously good movie if you like things like star trek or 2001 a space odysseyBest movie i've ever seen in the last 10 years, If you the type where you can predict everything in a movie, you will not be able to guess anything in this movie. You will cry, laugh, and be shocked.Ok in places, really odd in others. Don't whisper in a film!.i can't remember the last time an ending missed by this muchThis film is incredible. It makes you feel for all of mankind and the love between parent and child. It touched me in a way that no other film has.don't listen to the critics. most of them lack the scientific intelligence to understand this incredible film. it is a visual and intellectual masterpiece.In stellar offers movie goers a new generation of movie graphics. However the movie loses its edge after the climax and begins to decline.Everything about this movie is just amazing. Jaw-dropping visual scenes, ground-breaking sound effects, and an amazing plot. By far one of the best movies i've ever seen.A great film for anyone who loves sci-fi, knows a bit about general relativity, and lets their minds wander.Dull shallow characters...storyline...script...and visuals. Overlong and boring...left me feeling totally Meh!very long and strange movieFast & Furious! Diesen Film sollte jeder mindestens einmal gesehen haben!It's far too long and quite silly.Another film that cements Nolan as THE director of our time. Some reviewers say the ending is absurd, I'd say suspend your critical eye for a moment and just enjoy it. It's surely fantastical but at the extreme limits if physics what else could it be? If you still have problems with the ending think of it like this: How does an animal comprehend the world of humans? They can't begin to, for them it is absurd. This is a film that uses interstellar travel to examine the choices we make about how we use the time we are allotted and how that affects the ones we love. Its great triumph is that the staggering special effects are actually matched by the emotional investment it engenders in the viewer for the characters. Rarely do films challenge demand and reward a viewer like this one does.I thought about this movie for a week after I watched it...obviously thought provokingMind az öt dimenzióban parádés.Couldn't live up to the hype but beyond that it is a decent film. Like another reviewer said all that Gravity wasn't ... i.e. good.I saw this movie on Colossill.com and its a really great movie that makes you think. Something that you have to watch 2x but its well worth it.If one doesn't understand most rudimentary physics, this movie will be over their head in some respects. A very enjoyable movie that causes you to think about what you would do in this situation.Bloated and over convoluted, there's no doubting the scale and beauty of the cinematography but ultimately I found it all a little contrived... McConaughey however is absolutely fantastic in an emotion filled performance..Good concept and good acting.Just watched this flick via the DirecTV and am totally blown away... Nolan directed this most excellent story and I was so drawn in and fully feeling everything with the players. Being a sci-fy fan this flick was fully believeable so much that I was drawn into the story which was just so impressive to me... Unlike other films which was mostly fx and explosions and not about the story. Anyways, loved it and fully recommend this flick.Probably the best scifi I've seen in a long time. Just layers after layers of complexity as the story unfoldsI may have been entertained...if I was an astrophysicist. Keep it simple, stupid.While the movie starts very slow and recalls the plodding pace of nineties action/adventures, Interstellar picks up as a team is sent off into space to save the human race. With excellent design, beautiful cinematography, and an intelligent story, it really comes together and becomes a thrilling and very smart adventure, perhaps even this generations 2001.I liked it a lot, the ending was a bit far-fetched though.This movie is mindblowingly confusing, it doesnt stsrt to make sense until 2 1/2 hours into it. Its a crazy, confusing, inspiring, epic visual film with an ending that seems almost unreal. One of the best/longest movies ive ever seen. Seems like after every chris nolan film im entertained and confused at the same time. Thought provoking absolutely. A must see.The beginning was slow and boring and I was trying to figure out what was going on. In the middle it got really good and I was into it. The end was weird and kinda confusing. The ending needed to be different, but overall it was decent. Probably not something I will watch again but worth a watch. Oh ya a lot of good actors and the acting was good.I thought this was a good movie. Honestly, it seemed more like a reworking of Kubrick's 2001 but without the murderous HAL 9000. Really, just go ahead and make the comparison. Skip the dawn of man first. A strange signal is picked up from space. A mission to Saturn (versus Jupiter in 2001). They go to another solar system (instead of 'beyond the infinite' as in 2001). At this point, the odd ending of 2001, becomes explained...well, sort of. The lead astronaut is returned home and is younger than his daughter (sort of the Star-child now from 2001). Basically, the monolith of 2001 is the wormhole of this movie. It's orbiting Saturn, as in the novelization of 2001, but was Jupiter in the movie. It's a well done movie with a well thought out basic story, but the similarities are so blatant that I'm surprised that both the estates of Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke haven't sued for outright plagiarism!Plot holes, Bad acting. GREAT MOVIE! Christopher Nolan can't Help but put out great movies. Unreal this guy.Just plain stupid. This movie couldn't decide what it wanted to be a science fiction movie, a love story or an action movie. If you didn't already waste your time,please do sometime else. I'll give you a clue, love conquers all.Christopher Nolan unabashedly pays tribute to other sci-fi classics like Solaris and especially 2001: A Space Odyssey. What Interstellar lacks in 2001's artistry, it makes up for in emotional connection. Despite its running time, it's a relentless and emotional thrill ride, with a surprisingly tight script. The end-of-the-world type scenario contains visuals that are frighteningly believable - reminiscent of the Great Depression. Dust is slowly claiming the land by covering everything in a dreary, suffocating blanket.  The opening image sums it all up: dust, the toy spaceship and the books. Earth, hope and love. Interstellar contains one jaw-dropping set piece after another. The deafeningly intense journey through the wormhole, the waves-as-big-as-mountains tsunami, the battle for survival against a renegade attempting to dock a spacecraft, followed by the nail-biting touch-and-go recovery of the space station spinning out of control; all these left me in a state of amazement and wonder.  Experiencing this film in the theatre is so mind-penetrating that it left me overwhelmed (watching it in IMAX is exponentially more-so). It successfully does what we hope epic Hollywood motion pictures will do: move us, surprise us and (hopefully) stir our souls. It is a filmmaking miracle that Nolan managed to combine so many elements into one epochal film. There's enough substance here for at least three or four movies. Perhaps most surprising, however, is the electrifying score by Hans Zimmer which constantly has the viewer teetering between awe and fear - two emotions that work beautifully in science-fiction.  Kudos to Nolan for trusting Zimmer to thrust the score to the forefront, daring us to confront it. (This bold approach undoubtedly owes a debt to Phillip Glass). At the heart of the film is the touching family drama between Cooper (McConaughey) and his whip-smart daughter, Murphy. While we witness Cooper's heart wrenching decision to leave his family, Nolan suddenly cuts to the space shuttle blasting off and carrying Cooper into outer-space - it is only the first of many powerful and exhilarating moments. (Not to mention, when Cooper checks to see if his daughter is under the blanket, but she's not there. Such a moving little moment). The human connection is a theme throughout the movie where one generation is trying to save the next. The desire to make contact with others is so essential to what makes us human. Our survival instincts is what makes us great, but when push comes to shove, it can also make us do otherwise unthinkable acts, as with the Matt Damon character (the only casting misstep in the movie).  The daring third act is certainly not as ambiguous as 2001: A Space Odyssey, but Nolan does ask a lot from the viewer. I for one, felt Nolan gave us just enough to accept the plausibility of affecting time through a fourth dimension while never cheapening the mystery and awe of the film's final moments. Interstellar's reach and scope is awe-inspiring and asks the question, "What is mankind capable of?"  It is challenging artists to dream and scientists to explore... and both to pioneer.I thought this movie was actually pretty good very interesting filmInterstellar, is not only a new ground breaking story it easily rivals Nolans Inception as far as his best work. With fantastic performances, atmosphere, and plot. Interstellar is a wonderful 2014 original movie.This is a beautiful and harrowing space opera with beautiful imagery and one heck of a twist.Extremely great movie that tests the brain and fills you with wonder and excitement on a thrilling ride through space and time.Otra Epica Obra Maestra del Director Chistopher Nolan y de su Hermano el escritor Jonathan Nolan.Awesome, never new 3 hours had gone by..Great film, superbly backed up with some superb sound tracks, it has a real amazing twist that you do not see coming. Great job all who took park in this movie.It's ok......but the whole concept is too far fetched and the films fall into the ridiculous in places.....not a fan of Matthew Mcounaughey he mumbles too muchThis is a true Sci-Fi experience in the best tradition of the science fiction genre. This movie was a thought provoking and intellectual pleasure. I sincerely enjoyed it. Thank you Mr. Nolan.I've gone back and watched this movie three more times since I first saw it. One of the best movies ever in my opinion.Nolan's most ambitious, breathtaking, and often most confusing movie yet is also one of his best. This is a truly epic film, but is grounded in intimacy. Mcconaughey's performance is a worthy follow up to his Oscar winning role in Dallas Buyers Club. Breathtaking is the only word which can describe Nolan's outer space shots, and the use of practical effects over CGI works very well. In short, this film combines epic, perfectly executed sci-fi with often heartbreaking intimacy in a dystopic original way which more than makes up for some silly dialogue and over sentimentality. A truly original, great sci-fi movie. Take that Gravity (movie and force.)I saw this movie randomly and I had no idea what it was about. I thought it was some sci-fi stuff and looking at the cast I hoped it would be great since McConaughey and Anne Hathaway are pretty good actors. Well this movie exceeded any and all expectations I had. The last time I had an experience like this movie was with Inception. This will go in my all time top 3 movies instantly. The whole story between Coop and Murph makes this movie so, so good. On a side-note, this was the most accurate movie I've seen when it comes to physics. When there was no sound in space, I was surprised, since all the other movies do it wrong. Turns out a well known physicist was consulting for the movie. Good job on that! All in all, a must see movie and a must have in your dvd collection.A masterpiece movie must seeloved it just needed a fresh space sum flick from 2001 and so on very compelling and intruging hypothecial movie worth losing sleep over itLoved the story line but it was far too long. Better editing would have gotten this movie at least a 4 star rating.Wow, aside from how much I didn't want to see this bcuz I'm a big sci-fi nut and didnt think the casting was anywhere near right, everything came 2gether. Script, picture, CGI wasn't overboard. Kudos to Nolan, who always makes movies that leave a lasting impression long after the movie is finished, and to Kip Thorne for making this movie truly a sci-fi knockout. I'd like to see it again soon.Confusing at times. Love the concept to.Slow, brooding, complex, emotional and generally intelligent. The ending goes a bit off compound for me, but it clears up quite nicely in the end. Well put together, great concept and very nice use of blank space and silence. A must watch!A masterpiece that deserved way more Oscars. A genius sci-fi movie, even if one is not a general fan of the genre. There's a humane side to this sci-fi splendor by Nolan which explores a father-daughter relationship deeply. Very intellectual and intriguing, definitely giving the viewer much to think about. Stunning special effects and breath-taking visuals. With the love story running alongside, this is very much an emotional story at its heart.Wow!!! This is one of the best movies I have ever watched! Make sure you can sit and pay attention though... it gets deep!The grand, mind-boggling scale of this movie is underpinned by the believable unbreakable bond between a Dad and his daughter. I wanted to love this movie but it never quite got there for me. Still worth a viewing, particularly given all the stunning visuals are based on cutting edge mathematical theory. Chris Nolan shoots for the stars and, though he doesn't reach the dizzying heights of some of his previous launches, you're still left with a satisfying sense of awe.Christopher Nolan goes all out, writing and directing a film of epic proportion and that delivers on the hype. Well paced, beautifully shot and outstanding acting from all involved give the film heart, with McConaughey, Hathaway and young Mackenzie Foy the standout performers.It got kind a weird towards the endThis is a great movie and almost true to theories and concepts but I am very pedantic so some very trivial discrepancies prevented me giving 5 stars. The special effects are stunning and the characters are believable. The plot is a bit stretched with family bonds but it wasn't too much as to spoil what I thought was going to be a pure space exploration movie.As exciting as watching paint dry!!!Will have u at moments saying wtf just happened lol... but riveting movie that slowly grabs u and won't let go.Mind expanding flick! Really liked it.I have not seen a movie like this in years wow astonishingGreatest Movie Ever Made! By Far!Best movie I have ever seen. Period.Too long, too tone-deaf, too convoluted, but it sure was pretty to look at.Wow! GREAT MOVIE! 8-DLA PELICULA ESTA A OTRO NIVEL, TIENEN Q VERLASecuela de Gravity...ok no :vHanz Zimmer is the best composter.Zzzz is it over yet?1st time giving a review.....like most movies and accept the faults in reviews but who the hell rated this 86%????. started decent and went downhill with non-stop blabbering for next 2 hours. It's even worse considering a lot of popular actors took a role. initially I incorrectly thought good.........sadly wrong.watch Apollo 13 followed by Spaceballs instead.Saw this at the Odeon Leicester Square in 70mm which was the Premier showing and I was completely blown away by the whole experience...Film, Picture & Sound presentation was stratospheric. I am now ready to experience this Film at home on my Home Entertainment setup which I am sure will be just as surreal.Great Movie, a nice combination of real science and science fiction based on the reality of the competition of mankind to overcome the nature of extension.TrÃ¨s bon film du grand NolanThis movie was better the second time I watched it,Impressively shot, extremely powerful emotional performances, and amazing visual effects which raises the bar of CGI. Interstellar is a great Sci-fi film.not very good astronaut turned farmed turned astronaut again, riding a wave with a space ship.Dire! Lost the will to live!Let down by Matthew McConaughey fake tan after months in space.... Far too orange2:49 minutes of flight through a 5th dimension bullshit zone. I've never seen such a waste of fine actors in this long, boring movie that asks its viewers to suspend all disbelief and logic.Un voladero de neuronas pero va directo a los anales de la historia !A visual stunner but unfortunately it bogs itself down with some questionable astrophysics and some fairly large plot holes.The most amazing, mind blowing film I have ever seen. I couldn't fault this film in any way. Films like Gravity are appraised for their brilliant special effects and that's all critics seem to focus on these days as Gravity got a top score, whereas films like this are extremely intelligent which is what I think makes this film so amazing along with its good special effects. Would definitely rate this film 100/100Best movie to come out in years. Makes you think about our place in the universe and expertly doneLagged in places, way too melodramatic in others. Just meh.I wanted this movie to be good but it came short on many levels. Visually it works but the story line was awkward, the acting was inconsistent, and it simply failed to keep me interested for it's nearly 3 hour long endurance. As a geek I wish I could've enjoyed it but it just didn't work on me.Brilliant Movie, knew the visuals will be great it being a sci-fi space movie, what I didn't expect was it being a complete package. It boggles your mind with amazing sci-fi ideas, adding to the story line is the human drama with intense emotions, the many betrayals, twist and turns are unexpected and tough provoking. Acting is superb, Matthew McConaughey has given us another superb performance, Christopher Nolan delivers again with his directing and writing,Love this movie a ton!Interesting but had plot holes and tries too hard to be 2001.Amazing left me just sitting there in silence and can't stop thinking about itThis is the worst film I have ever seen. Story line is absolute garbage, and boring as hell. I'll sum it up. Made the mistake of watching Interstellar last night... the worst movie ever made. I'll sum it up. Earth is a bit dusty, farmer driving somewhere, see's cruise missile style drone flying over head, follows it in his truck (keeping up with it - really, those type of drones fly that slowly..) while driving through a corn field. Gets shitty old laptop out and then hacks the drone and starts flying it using his trackpad. Really, doing a figure of 8 with your finger on the trackpad accounts for the up/down left and right motion of a drone flying through the air? ok. Next up. Daughter says she has a ghost in her room. Books randomly fall off her bookcase. He walks off and ignores her. Then, later, during another unexplained dust storm, sand falls in three piles next to bookshelf. It must be a sign!! Definitely coordinates to an unknown location on earth! As it happens, its just around the corner. Dad and kid drive around corner to coordinates. Wow, theres a secret base! Dad and daughter are captured. We then find out that dad knows the head boss dude, who happens to now be head of NASA! AND as it turns out the farmer is THE BEST ASTRONAUT THEY EVER HAD, and they suddenly decide that he is the man for the job to fly out to a black hole that was put out near saturn by unknown entities, for unknown reasons, perhaps to save the planet, but who knows. A minute later, they are off. Flying off into the solar system and beyond. They fly through the black hole, and then once through, they have a meeting to decide what to do next. (really? there was no plan whatsoever by NASA before leaving earth on what the mission would be once they had gone through the black hole..?). Dad/farmer/astronaut literally says/suggests 'I could swing us around that neutron star?'. Crew says, nah, lets try that planet over there.... Long story short, the head of nasa lied and it was all a scam, there was no way to save earth and they were sent to colonize another planet, but the other nasa guy they find on the planet that was went out before them tries to kill them all, and I turn the film off. What a complete and utter waste of time!!!!!Has to be one of the best movies I've ever seen in my life! The soundtrack was AMAZING and the storyline was brilliant ! Had me happy at times and crying at others! AMAZING MOVIE !!!!I thought it was awesome! Yeah, it's almost 3 hours long, but it needed the time. Really enjoyed it.It was much better than gravity. It had it's moments where it was like him talking to himself in the Lincoln, but all in all was a good enough movie.Visually it's absolutely EXTRAORDINARY, but overall I was slightly disappointed with it. My least favorite Christopher Nolan movie, for sure. Some of the characters (namely Anne Hathaway's) are underdeveloped, and the themes end up feeling a little sappy towards the end.I like it but I was stressed outAmazing in every conceivable way!Awesome movie, gives you hope about humanity!Interesante planteamiento, muy bien realizado original pero sin contar nada que un aficionado medio a la ciencia ficción no haya visto. Es quizás un poco lenta y larga,pues me hizo mirar el reloj un par de veces.It's a good science fiction movie with a star studded cast. I was surprised on who was in it because I hadn't read up on the movie. No spectacular performances but solid on cinematography. I was entertained from beginning to end and the plot twist was interesting.Interstellar is earth shattering and utterly amazing.Having expected for the Interstellar for several months and finally I can watch the blu-ray disc in my home.First time, I watched it in the cinema and I was confused because I have little knowledge about Physics. This time, I learned something and I had a better understanding of the film.Hope the film can come true. Love it and my Aurora blu-ray player.My review may not not be as intelligent as the others that I've read. But I will say this film will you leave you in awe imagining possibilities to no end in science and the world as we know it. It's slow, but kicks into overdrive leaving you wanting more. I hope Nolan continues the story. That would make this movie even greater, to watch again and again. Five stars all the way around for me.Great all around. Especially because I love suspenseful movies and don't mind when they run a little long. Concepts needed some imagination.Great flick! Unlike Gravity, which was dry and drug on like molasses, Interstellar is fresh and really gets the synapses igniting as the time theories provoke a mind to delve into thought and possibility. BRAVO!This is the 2001 of this century.One of the beautiful things about the movie is the overriding message about the powerful forces of the one thing we all know but can't measure in scientific terms: Love.Fantastic movie! And the music was greatI just honestly believe this is one of if not my favorite movie I have seen in a REALLY long time. The acting is amazing, the effects were stunning, and the music, directing, EVERYTHING was on freaking point! I love this film.It was kinda a good movie from the start until the middle. Very long tooA masterpiece that somewhat betrays itself towards the end as it departs with any apparent science & into the mystical. Still worth the 5 stars though. And the finest Hans Zimmer soundtrack yet.Plot started out shaky, and got progressively more so throughout. 30-something minutes too long. Just disappointing.Pretty crazy. Mind blowing concept.While it definitely feels as though Nolan over-reached and under-edited, there's enough eye candy and emotion to keep you from being bored.One of the greatest movies every made. Jenna if you are reading this, hi by the way, you should watch the movie again.This is perhaps the best movie I've ever seen.This is not science- not even close- more plot holes and conveniences for sake of emotion than anything else. And that ending- WTF?? Also if it take s a 3-stage rocket to get your spacecraft out of Earth's orbit, how do you launch the same spacecraft out of a planets orbit with 1.3 times Earth's gravity without them?Well that was a head melter!A movie that demands your attention.A mission to save the human race is predicated on a lie. Veritable sacrificial lambs are doomed to extinction as a small team sets out on a space expedition to make an attempt at colonizing any inhabitable distant planet. The catch, they are flying blind with no sure destination. Stars abound in this beautifully filmed work directed by Christopher Nolan. The interviews with sets of octogenarians are also a nice touch leading to a unique tie-in at the movie's conclusion. Smacking somewhat of "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "2001: A Space Odyssey", it's the humans that go rogue in this one instead of the computers. Set aside 3 hours to watch this in its entirety. It holds its own though it is not so great that it will be remembered 20 years from now except by space aficionados.Christopher Nolan is one of those guys that, after having found success with revitalizing the Batman film franchise, and superhero movies in general, has found, in the ensuing years, a group of people who hate him for one reason or another. You could say that this is what happens when a filmmaker, revered for his independent endeavors, finds some type of success. And I get that, but I've no doubt that some of these people are just being contrarian. Not saying that some of these people don't have valid criticisms, it's just that it's become the cool thing, to some people, to dislike something just for the sake of it without ever having formed an actual opinion and letting themselves be guided by the opinions of others. With that said, I've been a fan of Christopher Nolan for a long time now. In fact no film of his, that I've reviewed, has received lower than 4 stars. I think his Dark Knight trilogy is the best superhero film franchise in history. I realize that's not saying much when there's usually a big drop-off at certain points in other superhero franchises. The Toby Maguire Spider-Man had Spider-Man 3, X-Men had X-Men 3, let's not even talk about Superman. I could go on and on, but I won't. This brings us to Interstellar, a film that I was greatly looking forward to because, why wouldn't I? And I do not want to say that I am slightly disappointed, because I thought the film was actually really very good. It's just a movie that has a lot of concepts and ideas that it wants to get across, with almost 3 hours to do so, and yet it somehow doesn't find a way to properly get all of these ideas across. This is a very ambitious undertaking and if it wasn't for the fact that Christopher Nolan was attached to it and his name carries kind of an anticipation from fans, then it wouldn't have surprised me if this film would've been a flop. And I say that because, while the film does have some moments that could appeal to a wider audience, this is a very dialogue-heavy, character-driven sci-fi film. With a heavy emphasis, on the most part, to the scientific aspects of the mission these astronauts find themselves in, and that is to find if there is planet that could host human life on another galaxy entirely, which, to get to, they have to go through a wormhole placed there by some 'beings' to see if these planets, scouted by other sole astronauts, are viable to maintain human life. This isn't an action-film, there are no action sequences, though there are some tense and chilling scenes, but this is a film that's about science first and foremost. Which is why I say that only Nolan could've gotten away with this in this day and age. While Alfonso Cuaron's fabulous Gravity is thematically similar, that was more a story about survival against incredible odds than it was about space exploration and scientific subjects such a gravitational time dilation, time travel, among other debates of whether or not it is even possible to achieve this mission and get back on time before everyone on earth dies out. A film of this magnitude, probably even more so than a movie like Gravity, which I thought was worlds better than Interstellar, requires some absolutely incredible visual effects. And, you know what, if there's one thing that you can say about this movie is that it's visual effects are stunningly beautiful. Not beautiful in a regular way, like how you look at a waterfall or a sunset, but there's an incredible amount of detail put into the visual aspects of this film, particularly during the wormhole scene, and that's something that, even if you hate Nolan and his entire crew, should be lauded. As far as Interstellar vs Gravity goes, it's not even a fair comparison to be honest, since Interstellar goes to a wider variety of places, whereas Gravity stayed out in regular space. Gravity is more impressive in the sense of how it makes space, if everything were to go wrong, as it did in that movie, like the most terrifying place to be stranded out on. Especially when it must be so impressive to see out at all this nothingness and how truly small you are in compared to the vast greatness that is this universe. Interstellar, on the other, isn't really about that, though there are its moments where it tries to portray that. Don't get me wrong, this film is absolutely stunning and it's a testament to the visuals effects team that they pulled this off in such a believable manner. That's the one thing about this film, at least for 90% of it, is that every situation presented in this universe is at least somewhat believable. It's simply arrogance for humans to assume that this earth is gonna be here forever and in the future, there will be a situation where either humans simply die out like the dinosaurs or the earth will become inhospitable to the point we're gonna need to terraform another planet in order for the human species to continue. I don't want to say a lot of that is negated once Cooper makes it out to the other side of the black hole, but that is something that we'll touch on later. The film starts having problems once you get to the gravitational time dilation. There's this one scene where the astronauts have to travel to one of the planets being considered for human life. The problem is that this planet is slowly being pulled in towards this supermassive black hole named Gargantua. The problem comes in the fact that the planet is so close to the black hole that every hour spent on that planet equals 7 years back on earth. Keep that in mind. The ship they're on, the Endurance, is outside of the gravitational pull of the Gargantua so each hour Cooper, Brand, and Doyle (the team sent down to the planet to recover a beacon and hopefully one of the scientists that activated the beacon) is also 7 years to the person they left behind, Romilly. So the mission on this planet goes as wrong as it can possibly go. Their spaceship is stranded after a giant wave hits them and fries most of their systems. This gigantic wave also kills Doyle. Once Cooper and Brand are able to get off the planet, after allowing enough time for the systems to reboot, and they return to the Endurance TWENTY-THREE years have passed. So Romilly, the person that is left behind, is now 23 years older than he was when Brand and Cooper left. This isn't so much of a problem as it relates to earth, I can get behind that, life goes on at earth, even if they're against the clock, literally. Cooper's children are now grown-up and he's missed them growing up, he's missed the birth of his first grandchild, and he's missed his daughter growing up to become a NASA scientist. The scene where Cooper watches his son's transmissions are some of the best moments of the film since it does capture how that one mistake cost them 23 years. Matthew's performance during this one scene is excellent. The problem comes in the fact that Romilly, now 23 years older, is really none the worse for wear after having spent all of that time alone, with no one else to talk to. It must be bad enough spending years with other people knowing that you can't really escape or go home, but spending all of that time alone, on a spaceship, has got to drive a person mad, it could even drive them to suicide. Yet, outside of some initial questions to Romilly about how he made it so long, or why he didn't put himself in cryosleep, they just move on from it, never to be mentioned again. Do you realize the amount of mental power it takes for one person to spend all that time alone? Granted, he performed some research on Gargantua, but he was still alone. That was a little bit unrealistic to me, that Romily showed no psychological effects of having spent that much time alone. It was actually really surprising that they discarded Romilly so quickly after that. He's not really heard from again to be honest. I mean he clearly has lines and everything, but he doesn't really contribute in any significant way to the film and its story. The rest of the film sees this same theme of gravitational time dilation play throughout the film as the more decisions Brand and Cooper make, the more time passes on earth. Let's just get this out of the way, when Cooper returns "home" he's supposed to be 124 years old. That's how bad it got. But I don't have a problem with that, even if it's a little odd. The problem I have is when Matt Damon's character comes into the film, like 90-95 minutes into the film. He's one of the scientists scouting the planets to see if it's habitable. The problem with that is that there's a twist that comes along with that and that is that Brand's father, Michael Caine, the head of the mission, essentially knew that there was nothing that could be done to save the people on earth. So the astronauts sent to see if one of these plants were habitable were essentially the future of humanity. There's essentially a Plan A and a Plan B. But Plan A was only a red herring. Plan A is not possible to achieve, theoretically. Plan B was always Professor Brand's intention. Plan B involves taking frozen embryos and starting humanity anew on whichever planet ended up being hospitable. That's not a problem. The problem is that Matt Damon's character becomes villainous for literally no reason whatsoever. I mean he essentially faked all the planet's information to make it look hospitable in order to ensure that he was saved. Understandable enough, I guess. That's human instinct, as his character even states in the film, but I don't there's enough of a viable reason for him to do the things he did other than just because. It honestly felt so out of place in a movie that didn't need that type of character. It also takes a big chunk of the film in order to run through this little side plot. It does play into the end of the film, but I'm sure it could've been achieved through almost any other method. Which brings to the climax of the film. If you've seen 2001: A Space Odyssey, then that's what this reminded me of. There's an element of time travel and impacting the past, from the future, and I wasn't exactly in love with it. I mean I guess it's a means to an end. And it brings Murph's and Cooper's story full circle in a roundabout way, with Murph realizing that her father didn't just abandon her. Cooper was the 'ghost' that kept knocking young Murph's books off the bookshelf. He was the one that sent her the morse code to the formula that actually ended up saving humanity, in a way, as they all live on a space station off Saturn. But it's the typical sci-fi, 'I sent myself here to tell them me from the past to go to this underground NASA station so I could then go back in time to tell my blah blah blah blah' stuff you've seen a million times before. It's not that it doesn't make sense, because it does, it's just that it doesn't play out in a very satisfying fashion to me. There's no denying that this film was clearly a labor of love for those involved. But this is more the presentation of thought-provoking ideas as opposed to a great movie. The cast is excellent, Matthew McConaughey continues on his roll of great performances, Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain are also pretty damn excellent. The special effects are top-notch, the score is fabulous, but the script just does not come together in the way that you would expect considering who is involved. The ending of Murph, now a dying old woman, finally seeing her father again was really good though. While the science of the film is pretty damn interesting, and it's actually making me want to go and read some books on these themes and subjects that the film covers, this is just not a great movie. It gives off the idea that it is great because of its thought-provoking themes, but it is simply not. Don't get me wrong, this is still very good and I would definitely recommend it, it is, visually, a very beautiful film to watch. But it's a little lacking in the story department. But, thankfully, at 2 hours and 40-some odd minutes, this film is paced very well. Never did I feel that it was going on for too long. I'd still tell people to watch it, but it's not one of those movies that's gonna blow you away. It was just missing something. Its ideas and its story aren't as interconnected as they would like to make it seem. Still, a very good movie and I do apologize for this long-ass review.Very Good story and action...I'm going to have to watch this again. I thought the first 3/4 of the movie was really good but got lost in the final 20 minutes. Good plot, good acting, good special effects - but again, I got lost toward the end and want to see it again to try to fill in the blanks.This moving was amazing I waited until it came out on blu ray to watch, I was blown away by this movie. I think this will be one of those movies I watch on multiple occasions!A long movie but it never felt like it. Great amount of suspense and thrills all while telling a great story. The scenes/visuals were amazing and MM's acting was perfect. Really pulled at the heart-strings as well. You know a movie is good when you keep thinking about it after its done and that is definitely the case here. Trust in Nolan!Slow start building the story but over all good movie. Ending could have better developed to either build to a part 2 or complete the story..fun but lighter weight than I thought it was going to be - somewhat predictable resolution to the 'plot'. (no spoiler) That said I still enjoyed the idea of Love being the transcendent and universal and yet tangible to the senses. Also good use of paradox as the scientist grapple with understanding and drawing meaning from such a thing. Scientism and sci-fi have met on the 'threshing floor' of known and theoretical physics (we are lead to believe).It really had the best intentions. Eeeeeesh. Far too long. Far too convoluted. Far too derivative. And a sound mix that is not only impossibly difficult to understand what characters are saying in many scenes, but jarring and abrasive with the score and sound effects colliding many times at full speed like semi-trucks in a demolition derby. Only Jessica Chastain and Matt Damon seem somewhat caffeinated and bring their "A" game, while the rest of the cast seem tired, world-weary and are doing their roles only as a favor to Nolan. How this did so exceedingly well at the box office, except for the fact it was directed by Nolan, is a complete mystery. As a lifelong sci-fi superfan, this is the type of film that gives the genre' a black eye. It is neither enjoyable or even thought-provoking beyond the hammering theme that as a species we should shape-up immediately, be more ecologically-minded, enthusiastic and supportive about space exploration and stop treating everything as completely disposable. Please, Mr. Nolan, take some time off and return to us refreshed.to be seen if no have anything else to doNot sure why critics didn't rate Interstellar higher (maybe it was McConaughey wasn't the perfect choice as a star) but I loved loved the plot and the writing. I loved how the Nolan brothers made science fiction so real and believable and how it was able to explore beyond our 3-dimensional space. The film was both a storytelling and visual masterpiece and I loved how some of the scenes used traditional visual effects and models because it added some old-school charm to it. This is a film which people would talk about in decades to come and even come back to in the distant future just because of its theories. There was a bit of a cliche moment when *SPOILER* it was mentioned that love is one of the only thing that can transcend dimensions and even death but I kinda believe in it? It does give a powerful message about climate change, space exploration, humanity, philosophy and physics and I love how this film really makes one think. It makes us wonder how vast the universe can be and how small we really are and I think that's a beautiful thing.Uffff. I mean very interesting with great and realistic effects, surprising moments and scientific aspects, but does it just feel very long??Epic, must see. It really makes you wonder what will become of us if we don't act now and save mother Earth.Interstellar is not a bad movie. Just what it is, however, will be difficult to decipher by the conclusion of the film. I would say that everything aside from the plot was well-constructed. Good acting, decent special effects, drama, etc., all come to play here, but cohesion seems to be all over the place. By the finale, you may have more questions than answers, but at least it won't be boring.Great movie once again Chris pulls it offWhile there were some moments that were hard to comprehend, InterStellar is easily one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. Few movies in life make you think after the film is over, InterStellar did just that. It's easy to overreact just after a movie but this film maybe the greatest I have ever seen.Amazing movie. So thought provoking and interesting. I thoroughly enjoyed it.great story line, awesome actors. Love the fact that it makes you think and makes you want more of the movie. Makes you curious throughout the whole movie. You will not want to leave your seat, couch, chair you might miss something good.I must have seen a different version of this movie. Most of the reviews are wildly positive but I thought it just sucked. Long, plodding and plot holes a mile wide. Maybe I expected more but I could not wait for it to end. I would have probably left early if I was watching it in a theater. I'm a fan of science fiction, read and see it all. This was mediocre at best. Giving it an additional half star for visual effects and effort.This movie went back forward up down and some how in between...but still pretty coolI spent the first hour completely bored, and the next hour and 49 minutes completely amazed and engaged. This film, like so many of Nolan's films, slips its way deep within the mind, leaving the viewer thinking, feeling, and exploring so much, far after the credits roll.Very long, but interesting flick. Must be willing to suspend your believability factor...just don't try to have it make sense.Interstellar put me through an emotional wringer that, as a father, was impossible not to touched, tormented and exhausted by. With such an intense reaction to it, I can't call this "a movie", but more aptly a life experience.Well researched hard science fiction with obvious indebtedness to Kubrick's 2001, Nolan ends up telling a tale about transcendence of love embedded in sometimes difficult theoretical physics concepts. At points a bit slow and as usual longish like all of Nolan's outings, still it is provocative and carries the usual emotionally powerful structured climactic scenes he is known for.Interstellar is a movie refreshingly shot on film with old-fashioned effects, and you can feel Nolan's love of the craft in every scene. It's very well done, but defies suspension of disbelief, even for a sci-fi film, in several parts.What an excellent movie! So well done....GRAVITY was a treat for the eyes but INTERSTELLAR was a treat for the heart.One of the best films I have ever seen. Not to mention the music is beyond perfect. A must see!This film is both delicate and touching while developing some serious action. The grandeur that the Nolan's create is well worth your time investment of a lengthy movie. Will you enjoy it? If you can let go and allow yourself to fall into the characters and (later in the film) accept the science, then you will love it. If you only like Oscar type dramas, you will have a hard time enjoying this. It's all up to you as the writers, directors, producers, and actors did their part.great movie. well worth watching againOne of my favorite movies of 2014The best film I've seen for along timefor me it was about a promise to a daughter that no matter what he went through home was there with her or was it me that it just pulled the father stringOnly those who lack the intelligence to understand or seek to understand the science would rate this lower than 5 stars....hilly recommended for my friends and you.A true masterpiece. instant classic and the best cinema experience ever.One of the greatest films ever made. Christopher Nolan's stunning vision, along with a science-backed script and wonderful characters bring this dark and wondrous journey to life with the best visuals to date, a score that's equally pulse-pounding as it is emotionally gripping, and phenomenal set pieces. If 35/70mm IMAX film was to end abruptly, Interstellar was the swan song it deserved, as it wasn't just a movie, but an experience.beautiful film. no aliens. just science fiction at its bestLots of paradox but love it. For me SF has to be off its head & slightly different.A potentially interesting premise: struggling to seed our species on another planet as mandated by - and within the confines of - the movie's pseudo-science. (For a while it seems as though we're hanging by a mighty thin thread.) Alas, the final act positively reeks of focus group tampering (a sure way to lose a couple of stars from me). It seems excessively cerebral yet dumbed-down at the same time.People complain about plot holes and the minor flaws that all science fiction movies have. In my opinion, you forgive flaws when the movie does other things so well. What a visual experience this movie was. One of the very few movies to blew me away in 2014.Not bad but certainly not one of Nolan's best efforts.For what I LOVE in this movie, I really wish my grade were higher. If the middle was stronger, this would have been 5 stars easily. Definitely recommended and a must for Blu Ray!Christopher Nolan never disappoints!My favorite movie of all time ð???Very entertaining and awesome IMAX experience. Cinema needs more epics like Intersteller.Interstellar es una película interesante, posee algunos conceptos buenos, pero cae en la manía del director por complejizar sus tramas en exceso y esta película no se escapa de ello, se trabaja con liviandad muchos temas y obviamente no se logra profundizar en ninguno, que en mi opinión es la manera de lograr un buen desarrollo de personajes y de historia. Nolan busca que cada nueva parte de su película tenga un desarrollo completo y eso hizo que me perdiera en partes. Visualmente y musicalmente es muy adecuada, no es ninguna obra maestra, pero tiene escenas muy cuidadas y el diseño en general de los espacios me gustó mucho (a título completamente personal dado que me gusta esa estética)What an epic mind blowing Sifi thriller ... Puts you on the edge of your seat ... And keeps you there. Also just makes you think enormously afterwards ... Just a mind warpThis is a great remake of the premis derived in 2001, that we are not alone and that it is ourselves that will drive our evolution, as a species we have always gone against nature so why not go against the fundamental laws of nature and evolve beyond them, as shown gravity is the only force that escape an event horizon,no light nor time can pass beyond it, only gravity will always reach out beyond, then also love and desire could ascend physics and create distortions in time that ascend the laws of space time.In both films it is shown that the characters love or desires can push through space time (maybe more 2010 than 2001) creating the illusion that humans are above the laws of physics although lifted by an external force...... we only know what we know.... beyond that we are blind!Every now and then a movie comes along and flips everything on its head 2001 did just that. Interstellar however goes one better. It has everything a movie should have. In it. Joy. sorrow. Laughter and tears one for your collection 10 out of 10Visual and sweeping. A great drama to enjoy. At times a bit long winded but well worth the time to watch.Well. That was heavy. . . slow and ponderous. Kinda like time. . . what did I just watch? Watch? Wait. Didn't I see this before? Yea, all been seen before and done. Sigh why do characters have to suffer at the hands of sci fi plot (or non plot) and special effects) Very confused movie.Great Sci-Fi movie! Nolan takes you into a journey to what beyond the warm-hole. Just amazing.Gripping, emotionally satisfying, though-provoking and beautiful, Interstellar is easily the best movie I've seen in months. I hadn't wanted to watch it. It didn't seem all that appealing when I read a synopsis, and the actors weren't a big draw for me, but my partner wanted to watch it, and I figured if it didn't catch my attention I'd find something productive to do. I was hooked from the moment the story began, and remained fully engaged until the very end. If you're looking for a movie that asks more questions than it answers, but does it in a way that makes you feel as much as it makes you think, you should definitely watch Interstellar.My favourite film of 2014, another classic from Nolan!Mal Actuada, mediocremente dirigida... escrita por alguien que vio algunos capítulos de Cosmos y sintió la angustiosa necesidad de explicársela a los demás.Nolan delivers again...Perfect scoring too from Zimmer...Great film!!!The best I've seen in recent years....and great music!Love this movie. Glad I saw it at the cinema first though. It's a huge film in all respects, cast; subject matter; time... It looks amazing and has a gorgeous score too. Very high on my all time favourites.this film revealed many things ,its very powerful,you must see itFavorite movie of 2014No director quite like Christopher Nolan. Always willing to tackle such big topics. I wanted to see this movie so bad and I did. From MM's brilliant acting with such moving scenes I felt like tearing up and remembering that grown men also cry, to the absolutely ambitious plot and questions this movie raises. Not quite a Dark Knight film but certainly makes you think much much more, and I personally think it couldn't have been directed any better.No habÃ­a tenido oportunidad de ver esta pelÃ­cula, maneja conceptos interesantes de una manera bastante dinÃ¡mica, el mensaje a fin de cuentas es de que la realidad que nosotros experimentamos es parte de una realidad mayor. Si estÃ¡s o no estÃ¡s de acuerdo con ese mensaje la manera en que la historia es contada o hace bastante interesante y vale la pena experimentar este frÃ­oHelvete vilken lång och deprimerande film.A movie, that like quantum science, both scares me and inspires me. It appealed to both my brain and my heart. It was wonderfully performed, and I am thankful that Nolan did not shy away from the theoretical complexities of it all.Everything physical about the movie is great; the acting, the special effects (wow) and the music. I think Nolan had a very, very good idea in mind, but it didn't quite translate perfectly on screen. Nonetheless, it's still an absolutely beautiful movie to watch and pretty enjoyable.One of the best films of this 21st century. Interstellar will always have you on the edge of your seat with the amazing special effects. It also has an amazing cast who bring to life well rounded characters.Amazingly well done film...cast, music, story, and effects...intense with a satisfying ending.This movie was powerful, challenging, and provocative without being preachy and arrogant as so many of this grandiosity typically are. Its length notwithstanding, I did not feel that any scene was necessarily superfluous and felt that the movie flowed quite well. McConaughey's performance was fantastic, and props to Matt Damon in his role as well. Anne Hathaway's performance was very much simply "Anne Hathaway being Anne Hathaway", but she is talented in her own way. The emotion evoked from me during McConaughey's viewing of his children's messages over a 23 year span despite being gone for only a few hours (see Einstein, Theory of General Relativity) was one of the most powerful scenes I have encountered in years. Bravo to all involved and to the Nolans for this wonderful movie.Wow. Just finished this. Amazing film. True a few slow points, but every twist was worth it.This should have received Best Picture of 2014... I found myself at times on the edge of my seat, in awe of the nature of the universe, and on the edge of tears. This is a true epic, and in my opinion, should be considered Christopher Nolan's masterpiece.Fun flick that I wish I had seen in IMAX. The visual choices depicting space and time were original and mind bending... But an engineer/pilot who's trusted as an intergalactic astronaut who needs to be briefed on what a black hole is left me feeling like this was a film to make dumb people feel smart.Not a bad movie but better enjoyed at home versus the theatre.Con un poderoso cast Christopher Nolan crea un film que si bien se excede en lo intelectual y se convierte en meramente especulación divagada, lo hace de manera bella. Me sorprende que McConaughey no recibiera otra nominación como mejor actor, honestamente creo que la merecía.This is definitely the wet dream of any tech nerd...problem is if u aren't it's pretty boring...and I am mechanical engineer...sorry, but my dreams are not happening under Newton's lawsLet's get one thing straight. This is no 2001. Not with all of Hollywood parading through it, and definitely not with all the explain-everything-till-it-bleeds moments. No, it is nothing like Kubrick's masterpiece, although the influences are obvious (anyone else thought he was gonna end up in a hotel room when he went down the black hole?). Having said that, this is a wonderful, beautiful and exceptional movie. It is one of Hollywood's best creations and one we'll talk about for many years to come. It's a wonderful journey through the Cosmos, and one that stays with you, long after the movie is finished.What I expected from Nolan and nothing less.Outstanding all around. The physics and science are a little difficult to fully comprehend but if you let go, it's one hell of a ride. Great cast. Subtle and beautiful music score.I spent a long time pausing and rewinding because a lot of shit made me laugh. But besides that it was a pretty intense movie. Well acted and directed. The score was the best part. Totally worth watching.This movie sucked. It certainly didn't live up to it's hype.No hay tecnologÃ­a para llevar esta movie a las pantalla.I guess it doesnt help I really didnt understand a good half of the movie but it really became to smart for its own good in my mind. granted its possible that i wasnt smart enough to follow it haha but whatever the case its a good hour too long toInterstellar is to 2001 what Albert Einstein is to Sir Isaac Newton; they're both undoubtedly geniuses but Einstein is just that much more. This movie is completely mesmerizing and like McConaughey's performance, didn't get the noms it deserved. Another grand slam for Nolan.Visually stunning and gripping.This sure was an interesting movie which they put a lot of effort in. However I wasn't that impressed, possibly because I don't like the cast, well the main actors at least.Christopher Nolan has done it again with this space opera masterpiece pleasing us with beautiful cgi amazing acting and actually making us care about the characters in this film interstellar does not disappoint and should be praised.Holy shit. Script is crazy. Random celeb appearances are unneeded. But it was good. Even if half of it didn't make sense.Despite some dull dialogue about love and the fact that U.S.A saves the day one more time, Interstellar is visually stunning, brainy and explores themes like cosmos and human emotions.Obra MAESTRA de Christopher Nolan ! De haberla visto en el cine, me la hubiera aventado 3 veces mínimo (Y)I loved every minute, made me cry at the endI can't believe I actually sat through this excuse for a movie. It has so many holes in the story that you could drive a Mack Truck through them. Just one of the many disappointments would be when they pretty much bet the farm on landing on this one planet only to find it covered in water with humongous waves rolling by.....really. Oh, and before they landed on a completely water covered planet they put the landing gear down and touched down in water just deep enough to keep the body of the craft above the water line. I could go on and on, but this is one of the movies you have to sit through to just see how bad it can be.Bravo! Excellent movie!!! One of the best films I've seen in awhile!Great music. An extremely talented cast. Amazing special effects. otherwise ordinary!! .......Nolan does it again. Amazing cinematography! As good as Inception.This movie absolutely blew my mind!!!Am biased. I often like almost all science fiction films, it is one of my favorite genres and enables a more "distorted" and "bizarre" reality. Interestellar is an excellent film, those who make us keep your eyes glued from start to finish. That movie which raises questions and thoughts.You've probably heard all the negative things by now. It does have beautiful cinematography and production design, in fairness. (Worth watching at home because of these elements.) Also the actors do their best with what they're given. They give the film credibility when it could have stunk a whole lot more.Literally one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. Phenomenal story and unbelievable musical score. MUST SEE!!!Although a bit long and plodding at times, a great science fiction film in a similar vein as '2001'.You can see what this is trying to be, about family and portents across time and space but sadly too much Follywood got in the way... much less basic science. It aims to be 2001 A space Odyssey but ends up more like Solaris.Very good overall movie. Great acting and special effects. Got a little lost a few times in trying to understand what was going on... But things fell into place. Huge twist on the time travel story trend. Not sure I really liked where they went with it. Which is the only reason I didn't give 4 stars. I would have preferred aliens or an actual human colony from the future communicating. So for me it was a rent not a buy or big bucks theatre visit.Very enjoyable sci fi with some cool concepts and emotional scenes. I teared up when the old woman is reunited with her dad on the space station. The wave planet was super cool. The pot ended up being somewhat predictable, but compared to the usual garbage hollywood puts out, this film wasn't half bad.A great movie. A (justifiably) long movie. It came down to family and human ties, so alot of the science of what they were actually trying to do was skipped over or a little muddy. But, those same ties propel the story to its last scene. Not in the least bit boring or too heady. And the scenery effects/drama had me, more than once, gripping the arms of my chair.Loved the film. A little have improved than from Inception and remember that Inception itself was an over the top film.At first unsure in wich direction this was heading, but then it all comes together, a bit too long though...This is must see movie before you die. A result of masterful filmmaking. Interstellar is a science fiction adventure that has a soul.Super long and confusing...It was ok, plot was strange and some science felt off.Sublime ! Que dire de plus ? Spectaculaire, magnifique, grandiose, Ã©mouvant. Nolan nous surprend encore avec un film qui marquera son Ã©poque il n'y a pas de doute.A beautiful, ambitious riddle that tackles the weighty topics of time displacement, space exploration, fatherhood and the end of life on Earth. Not necessarily in that order. Like Christopher Nolan's preceding mind-stompers, Inception and The Prestige, it's a crafty, sprawling creation that feeds and grows based on sheer conceptual might. I found it less accessible and rewarding than those two, however, overreaching in the third act to reel us back in after a few digressions. Most of the climax feels like an ill fit, too, discarding two hours' worth of rigorous scientific detail in exchange for a trippy, convoluted plot device and a fairytale ending. In a lot of ways, it's like a mainstream adaptation of the finale seen in 2001: A Space Odyssey, a clear inspiration, in that it's bright, blurry, colorful and confusing. Only this time, the static leads to a cookie cutter epilogue, not a blank canvas. Such complaints notwithstanding, I greatly enjoyed most of the ride to reach that point, even if it has a tendency to belabor a point. Nolan's vision of a near-death civilization on our home soil is vibrant and real. His emphasis on the pain of separation and the dizzying potential of galactic time-shifts are powerful and moving. It's a real visual stunner, too, making hay with staggering CG representations of theoretical deep-space star configurations that left me slack-jawed more than once. As a space nerd, that was very cool to breathe in, and seeing practical demonstrations of so many abstract concepts is wonderful. It's excellent at many things, frankly, but perhaps a bit too overzealous for its own good.I think that for the first time I can state that I would have liked to see a movie made into a trilogy. Interstellar, needed that, it was already long, but it only grasped the possibilities of what it was meant to be. The character of this movie travel into a journey that is both a reiteration of Kubrick's Space Odissey and also a a reiteration of Dante Alighieri travel in the hell, purgatory and paradise. These three creations are all reaching at the point of staring at the engine that moves the whole world, reaching an epicness far beyond that of the initial purpuse of their voyage. because of this, this story had to be longer, there was simply no time to develop all of this in one movie, there was no time to grow an actual attachment to the characters, buried under the heavy exposure that they had to go through for us, the audience. If only there would have been a first movie to set up the problem of the earth, that beaceme a living hell for those who inhabit it. To explore the needs of these characters reaching the climax of the beginning of the journey. If only there would have been a second movie, about the journey, about facing the challenges that prove the character to reach a retribution, purging it. If only there would have been a third movie, exploring the marvel of creation and the final outcome for humanity that came from the heritage that one man alone brought from his journey where no living men ever went before. I don't hate this movie, I love it, for trying hard to bring this epicness on the big screen, making way less compromises than many other movies did. I can't wait to see another visionary marvel from this fantastic director.After watching this movie, all I could think of was, "There has been a while since I've watched a movie this fantastic."I don't see any solid and great storyline in it, apart from retelling all science documentaries that I have already seen.Possibly the single greatest film I have ever seen.hit me in the feels. amazing conceptExtraordinaria!!!! Mucho mejor, y con mejor ciencia, que "Gravity" sin el mumbo jombo espiritistaThe reigning best movie ever..We love physic oriented and scifi movies, and this one is the best yet!!!this film gets way too much criticism ! it's beautiful, an amazing story, a beautiful score by Hans Zimmer and constantly has you gripped. Plus the amount of research that went into the creation of the black hole is praise worthy enough !I appreciate it for what it is. Don't love it, don't hate it.Really Amazing movie, beyond the science, breathtakingNot as good as I was hoping, but still good. The last half-hour felt more like an attempt to remake 2001: A Space Odyssey than its own film.Fuck Gravity- this one is much much better,By far this movie is the king of the worst of all ever created movies. Nothing to see , seriously i don't get it how this thing got good critics and its comforting that at least a respectful amount of people didn't liked it at all . Horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!Just awful and synopsis and theories do not hold water. I only wish I could mumble like Mathew and make a career of itLots of great fiziks at work in this movie. Good solid sci fi.an amazing film depicting Hawkings theory of black holes and timeBEST SCIENCE FIXTION MOVIE AND THE BEST THING IS THAT ITS REAL SCIENCE NOT FAKE MADE UP STUFF, WOULD RATE IT 10 IF I COULD.Holy crap that was so amazing!!!!!!It's time to pick up my physics textbook and review some terms.The best movie I have experienced in a long time.Once is not enough, you have to watch it again!Slow paced and deliberate, gives you time to think about what you're watching and ponder on the science of it. Great script. Great movie.Amazing movie, but do not watch alone after 7.30 pmGood film (must pay attention though) Some people will find the ending hard to followOne of the best movies I've ever seenWith a slow first act but once the second act starts the story gets more and more interesting. As the plot thickens Christopher Nolan has so much to offer from story to his visionary art to explain everything by linking the story all together to make all sense. At times the film drags on but with the interesting story that makes up for the film this is a really good piece of art from visual effects, cinematography, editing and art direction, but don't compare this film with Kubrick's 2001. Great to see Michael Caine and John Lithgow.ambicioso e tecnicamente bem realizado, uma aproximação execessivamente copy paste do genio da Odisseia. Nolan lutando na sombra de Kubrick, Malick e outros filósofos fílmicas visionários mas ficando a muitas centenas de Kms.What a journey man. This movie is amazing. The performances, the effects, the music (Hans Zimmer incredible as always), the directing, everything. I think that the bigger problem is the duration, almost 3 hours, and that can make we lose in the middle of the film. This is everything that gravity wasn't. Nolan, you did it again.This movie as a whole sucked! It is worth watching one time at home.Fantastic film with a great storyline. I was pleasantly surprised by this movie which is not just another space and digital effects film. Back in the day this would have won Best Picture Oscar.I wish more directors and writers would try this hard. I love being challenged by movies and this one threw me to a loop.The idea of this movie is genius. First two hours has little problems but still i could forgive them but last 29 minutes went and i quote- went full shyamalan it was painful to watch when from logic they went full full science fiction on us. And i believe that Christopher Nolan thinks we are stupid and we will buy this nonsense well no. And if movie ended at certain point i would still think this is a amazing movie but nope it didn't end it went more shyamalan than shyamalan went shyamalan in Lady in the Water. And message of this movie was not good and not original it was bad very bad. But not the ending makes me angry true the whole movie Matthew McConaughey just didn't give a shit about his son especially in the end of the movie. This was so underdeveloped it was horendes to watch how true whole movie he says how much he cares about his kids A.K.A I only give a shit about Murph because there are connection between us and oh yeah i kind of like this kid ammmm whats his name mhhhhhh oh yeah Tom he is kid off cool. But it is good good film visulas are incredible, acting is amazing and I respect Christopher Nolans ambition. but this movie has too many problems#?LateReview? Interstellar Movie - It's a convenient heady space movie that offers nothing new if you've seen Event Horizon, and the Space Madness episode of Ren & Stimpy. Pass.Interstellar travel, Relativity and all the scientific theories could have made this movie great. Sadly, it's just OK. First off, there are a lot of parts where it just draaaaags. You do have some great parts to the film (not enough) but anyone who really wants scientific will definitely question the ending. I watched it once, might watch it 1 more time (skipping the draggy scenes) but overall, a movie that could have been great and turns out to be just OK.it's hard to get the first time. it's a good movie though.This movie is not just your ordinary movie. Philosophically intriguing . Scientifically mesmerising. But most of all Emotionally moving. I have cried a bucket full of tears watching this movie.While there's nothing special from the casts' performances, "interstellar" is a truly proof that Christopher Nolan never makes the audience leave the theater without senses or "wow"-effect. Now, he makes a high intellectual level of sci-fi film that quite hard to describe when audiences never reach its perimeter of knowledge.Purely monotonous, felt like 4 hours long, & there's a lame, unfulfilling ending that left me cursing. Obviously a huge undertaking, but only for people who enjoyed "Gravity", which I didn't at all, & this wasn't even remotely as bareable.The best movie ever made! PeriodLike Contact, this movie is more a textbook on metaphysics than a hard sf film, but I digress. The movie's Dust Bowl sequences are charmingly quaint (especially in a sf setting), and the space exploration sequences have plenty of thrills, chills and spills, but the majority of the movie is pretty bleak, even for a Nolan film. He even has to resort to Deus ex machina to pull off what little hope there is at the end of the movie. This is a recurring problem for him as a director and it really hurts my enjoyment of his films. In his superhero movies, it's almost forgivable, because no one wants the gimmicky Batman of the tv series, but in a hard sf film? It comes off looking like a Nine Inch Nail video with space suits. In fact, that's the same problem I have with Man of Steel: too much grime. I know the space race is over and NASA has been mothballed, but it's not so bad yet we need the director of Inception (a movie I hate) singing it a funeral dirge.Enjoyed the action and sci-fi until chapter 18. Still enjoyed the movie well enough to rate 2 1/2 starsBest sci-fi movie since contact and mission to Mars. not only does it deliver with sound and visuals much like that shit movie of a film gravity. interstellar actually has an amazing and creative story about how humans will survive earth's demise. love, family, selfishness, human nature, this movie hits them all and more. Absolutely loved it.Just wow. Bravo. The writing, visuals, immersion, research, realism, and performances is beyond any other recent films' integrity. The emotional and sophisticated impact this movie sustains is just great. I am obsessing I know, but I just haven't seen such a fantastic movie in a long time lol. Matthew McConaughey was a great choice for the lead role, but to also mention the rest of the casts job well done.Not sure what all the fuss was about?loved it kept me on the edge of my seat and I never would have guessed the ending.Really really really good. Just to bad the black bars kept disappearing and reappearing. There is probably an artistic explanation for that but I don't get it.not as good as I thought it would be had some big plot holes but I liked it just wish mccomauhey would speak up everytime he spoke I had to up the volume to understand what he was saying!Robot is cool and the acting is good.A little too much running length, with a confused worldview, but it has gorgeous visuals and hits the emotional notes without overdoing the schmaltz.Odlazi u filmske klasike!A little too slow at take offIt was a great ride :) I enjoyed this science fiction piece, from a great director.Exhilarating. Epic. Classic Nolan. Doesn't disappoint.Universal film, for sure. Great story of time and ripples of effects through it, and very very well produced. Acting jobs:not impressed, wasn't bad.great story at the heart of it doesn't feel like 2 1/2 hours cool robots ropey science love is transcendentalVisually captivating and intellectually stimulating to a point, "Interstellar" is an intriguing space odyssey with aspiring intentions, but it's self-contradictory plot can be off-putting when trying to make sense of it.I thought it was rather entertainingi can't really possibly describe Interstellar Movie but i'm gonna give it a try anyway , this movie went inside my very deep imagination and it showed it to me as a movie yeah i know that's crazy but it is what it is , what interstellar gives us is a one of a kind experience to live this incredibly amazing adventure where everything is possible , it basically give you the chance to live the exact events that are happening in the movie plus so much more and u can really feel the intensity as u go toward the end hence the famous Christopher Nolan's signature , at first he gave us an insight look but it quickly develops to this rich,pure,amazing story which it literally make u sweat and shake , and of course i have to give up to Matthew McConaughey for the breath taking acting as he always proves that he's a legendary actor which he can make or break a movie , and also the VERY talented Anne Hathaway who carries so many feelings and emotion through her acting and that's very rare , plus the upcoming actress Jessica Chastain who made us truly feel what murph was really feeling, in the end i just wanna point that every movie lover out there MUST without any doubt watch this movie because how special this film is and i guarantee u that when u finish watching the movie u'll get high as a kite from all incredible scenesGreat flick. But that ending though...the best part about inception in space featuring eric forman as a completely pointless side character was the dialogue between TARS and McConaughey .What a breathe of fresh air this movie is, I struggle with the lack of interesting stories and the monotony of most films. Interstellar was truly a spectacular movie, both in its unworldly sights and moving story. I highly recommend this for a good watch, I will probably watch it again soon just to enjoy all over.Really enjoyed it, it started incredibly slowly though and could have done with a trim at the front end of the film.Visualmente espléndida y sentimental, pero se enfrenta a un problema de bajeza de guion que pocos supimos notar, y ser un tanto pretenciosa.Finally proof that not everything Chris Nolan touches turns to gold. A dull unoriginal film :-(saw this movie for the third time today. Now let's be fair, the second time I was more than a little drunk, but I was in the theater for the entire film so it counts. You may be asking, "Is it that good of a movie?" Probably not, but it certainly worked for me. Interstellar stars Mathew McMConaughy and is directed by Christopher Nolan. The film takes us on a journey through space and time. Mathew M. as Cooper is apparently one of the last and the best pilots that stumbles upon a NASA facility that has been looking for a new world for humans to live on. You see, we have used up the resources on Earth to the point that it will not support life any longer. He travels through a wormhole to another Universe looking at three planets that have been determined to support human life. Now, let's put on the brakes. This is an almost 3 hour movie and to hit all of the high points would make this review just as long. The movie is visually stunning and a lot of fun to look at. Well acted by all parties. Superbly directed(and I'm not particularly a fan of Christopher Nolan). The music built tension in the scenes and the silence of the space scenes was effectively used to emphasize what you were visually looking at. Fantastic job! There are a couple of plot devices that felt a tad mushy, but I was able to get around them with no problems. Should you go see it? Oh yea. Buckle in and go for the ride. I joked with my friends that this was a "thinking man's" movie. But the reality is this is a movie for everyone. Go see while still at the theaters and let me know what you think.Overly long, overly boring, overly overplotted, overly wrong on the science, overly uninteresting, overly ridiculous. Earth to Nolans, come in, Nolans, back to where you were.Excellent movie, best I seen in years.Borderline self parody of a Nolan movie. This bloated mess is spoon fed to the audience to the point, nothing is let for the audiences minds to think. It's 2001 for idiots.My expectations were too high going into this movie. Plot got too complexInterstellar may not quite appear to be a total masterwork on the matters of which it explores, at least upon initial viewing, though it's certainly clear after one or two views that the film stands as tall as anything else out there by way of its grace and grandeur on one hand and its lofty ideas on another. Add to that its superficially accessible yet inwardly deep and complex themes not about time and space but the bondings of humanity that exist beyond the physical realm and even the raw lifeblood of family. The film doesn't shy away from exploring with purpose, traversing, in the story, untold distances yet in fact places much closer than the stars. The film necessarily wades through some choppy waters at times that interrupt flow, not content, but the film is certainly a legitimate spectacle of sight and sound but more important a firm, graceful, deep, and satisfying journey through the human condition. No movie is perfect. Interstellar frequently comes as close as any, but sometimes -- infrequently -- drifts a little too far away. It's a film that, on the individual level, will either draw closer to or drift further from greatness as it's watched, studied, pondered, dissected, and enjoyed both the first time around and over the years and decades to come.This film is a beautiful piece of science fiction storytelling. Christopher Nolan bends space and time, filling you with wonder along the way. A strong cast and the ever-rare good score by Hans Zimmer enhanced the experience further.A movie that pushes us to think about life and it's possibilities.i think the earth can enter a tournament with this movie more than being a movie , most epic work ever ,, supergenius Cristopher NolanWow. Absolutely fantastic. I am amazed why it didn't score much higher on Rotten Tomatoes. It's Gravity with a story behind it.Excellent and different from Nolan's norm, it executes a too-big-for-life idea with its best effort, which isn't perfect, but is pretty damn good.We trust in Nolan. Almost 3 hours and I could watch another 3...Honestly the film has some good ideas combined with good actors and awesome effects. The biggest problem with the film in general is that the pace is slow. you'll be bored at the first hour but it gets better later on. Also you really have to pay attention in order to understand the film. Miss a big point on theory and you'll be questioning yourself. Overall it's a decent movie, but it depends on you.Great Action and great speical effectsGood Sci Fi, good story, a black hole and a few plot holes. Why a lot of the dialog was mumbled or whispered i don't knowSo time runs out for humanity - a farmer who's a former astronaut happens to live right next to a secret lab that works on instellar travel and when the farmer shows up there it appears that he's the best option and has to live it alll behind to save humanity ... coincidence, anyone? Then there's all sorts of laden shenanigans that appear ever so meaningful but feel just pretentious. The choice of McConaughey as the lead doesn't help. Oh wait, there's time warp, and a book shelf and a ghost behind the shelf who sends messages to a girl who'll become ...oh man ... what an odd, awkward film.Too awesome despite the minor flaws.The movie itself defines laws of physics excessively and way beyond our knowledge and yet it gives us a simple understanding of the plot A masterpiece !!!It had its ups, but overall, after hours of this space odyssey, I was left feeling like the whole thing was just weird.very goode film i think, quality und intellectual stimulosgreat movie! could be compared with "2001: a space odyssey " of Stanley Kubrick.Este não é um Inception, mas é um tema incrível. Eu gosto de como o Nolan brinca com o imaginário e nos faz pensar. Não achei nada complicado de seguir a história.Best Sci-Fi movie ever seenthe best scifi movie of the last 10 years with many different emotions like love, family, survive, ecologic.... im sorry for my english... best regards from greece!It was confusing with time traveling aspect.La mejor pelicula de 2014... Nolan es un genio.outer-space masterpiece!!!!!!!!! great job from actors to directing to visual effects and original score. Just perfectKR's Haiku Review: A solid effort What does Caine have on Nolan? He's in every flick"I'm not afraid of death. I'm an old physicist - I'm afraid of time." Magnificent. Fascinating. Absorbing. Breathtaking. Titillating. Mind-blowing. These are just some of the superlatives that I could think of, after watching this masterpiece. It doesn't happen to me often that a film keeps resonating in my mind and I'm still pondering about it after a while. Not that you have to be puzzled about the mathematical content, because it's better to forget about that part. The theory of relativity is brought up once and a while, they end up somewhere in some fifth dimension and you'll be bombarded with theories about black holes and wormholes till you get dizzy. There were some things not really clear to me, but I restrained myself to find plot holes or doubt the accuracy of some mathematical assumptions. It would be quite pretentious to doubt certain statements that are thought out by more enlightened spirits than myself. Although I kind of lacked some imagination in the past to understand certain axioms from solid geometry. So I still have difficulties with the proposition that "two parallel lines intersect with eachother at infinity." Firstly, I can't imagine the infinite. And second, those parallel lines will still be parallel even at infinite distance. No one on earth will ever claim that they do intersect there, because he once was at that infinite point and saw it with his own eyes. For me it was totally surreal mathematics, my limited intellect couldn't grasp. Hence probably that's why I flunked that exam of solid geometry. But that's beside the point. Nolan managed to make an epic film. A mix of fiction and non-fiction. The set-up to establish a colony on an unknown planet in another galaxy ("To boldly go where no man has gone before" comes spontaneously to mind) is not really science fiction anymore, given at this time all preparations are made to try the same thing on Mars. But as they plunge into the wormhole, after which they'll be teleported to another galaxy, the non-fiction ends and speculations begin. How it works, is demonstrated in a playful manner, using a sheet of paper and a pencil. Just to keep it simple for someone like me and explain it in an understandable way. But I have to admit that the visualization of this utopian trip looks stunning. As a counterpart of this high-tech future story, there's also the human aspect whereby Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) has to make a difficult choice between his family and saving humanity. The space trip is preceded by the melodramatic part of the movie which I normally would have described as the corny sappy part. But here I didn't have that feeling at all and the whole was brought well-founded. The sketched relationship between Cooper, Murph (Mackenzie Foy) and Tom (Timothée Chalamet) on the dusty ranch, is explained in detail and in a sound manner. In gloomy conditions they try to grow crops. A project that is doomed to fail because fungi slowly eats away all crops on our planet. Cooper, a former astronaut who was employed by NASA, focuses on the agricultural sector now (because there is a need for the production of food, and not space experts) and has constructed a fully automated farm. According to Murph there's a so-called poltergeist who wants to deliver a message. Because of this phenomenon they discover a secret NASA complex run by John Brand (Michael Caine) who explains to Cooper his exodus theory and asks him to lead this exodus as pilot of the intergalactic spaceship "Endurance". Usually the soundtrack of a film leaves me Siberian cold. But in "Interstellar" the composer Hans Zimmer created a perfect atmosphere with his compositions. Cooper leaving his family wouldn't be so impressive with the supporting organ sounds missing. Knowing Nolan you can also assume that the appearance of the film would be impressive. And it is. The interior of the Endurance, the landscapes of the three planets, the images of infinite space, the black hole Gargantua, the presentation of the fifth dimension and the trip through the black hole. It all looked very impressive and realistic. Nolan is also known as a supporter of limited-use-of-CGI and it wouldn't surprise me if they made use of huge settings interspersed with tiny elaborated scale models. The planet Miller I personally found the most successful and imaginary result. And finally I just like to mention the accompanying robots TARS and CASE. An innovative design with a humorous communication interface. What remains are the performances, with Matthew McConaughey as main figure. After seeing him at work in "The Lincoln Lawyer", "Mud" and "Dallas Buyers Club" (for which he won an Oscar), you can only agree that McConaughey is a talented actor with a peculiar accent who leaves a mark on each film. Personally, I think "Interstellar" isn't his most impressive rendition. Yes, he's cut out for the emotion-rich family parts, but as an intellectual NASA astronaut I found him quite implausible. In contrast, I thought Jessica Chastain (as the adult Murph) and Anne Hathaway (daughter of Professor Brand) acted excellent. Casey Affleck (adult Tom), Topher Grace (Murph colleagues and for the umpteenth time in a fairly geeky role) and Matt Damon appear only briefly and each with a different important contribution. The only one who really should feel at home in this film is John Lithgow, for his participation in "3rd Rock from the Sun". I could repeat the superlatives I wrote down at the beginning because despite some developments that went beyond my understanding and an ending I wasn't impressed by, this is still a wonderful film that manages to blend both the scientific and the personal feelings of the protagonists perfectly. I'm still wondering who ultimately planted that wormhole near Saturn, that fifth dimension still goes over my head and how Cooper finally succeeded in sending the right information needed to Murph also seemed quite an achievement. And posturing about love as something scientific that knows no boundaries, was also an excuse to give it all a deeper philosophical tone. But ultimately, this is another SF that can be included in the gallery of all those other masterpieces. More reviews at http://opinion-as-a-moviefreak.blogspot.beFantastic, thought provoking movie! Jane and I really enjoyed this movie, and talking about it afterword. Hans Zimmer's music never fails to impress me. I think I own 5 of his soundtracks?It's very rare for Hollywood to truly make a SciFi masterpiece. One that evokes the feelings and deep reflection of some of the great golden age science fiction. This movie captures that essence, the spark that kept me pouring through the pages of the great science fiction authors.So many flaws. Never reaches greatness even though that was within reach. Fantastic acting, horrible filmography.Magnificent movie, another jewel by Nolan. It is more about the story and some concepts than spot on cientific facts, so do not try to catch some errors in the theories involved. Watch and enjoy - after 3 hours, I wanted more.I never saw a bad movie directed by Christopher Nolan, he's excellent, but this film whit this good but complex script makes me feel uncomfortably as for the argument and i cannot understand why is so long, there are many wasted minutes that only serve to feed the fatigue of the spectator. About the soundtrack , the visual effects and the performances of Hatthaway and McConaughey i don't going to give bad reviews because are awesome. 7/10Amazing insight into space exploration and the future of cosmological adventure. A definitive tearjerker in some parts with an interesting development towards the end. Matthew delivers a good performance, however still hard to understand in some instances with his soft spoken dialogue.O MAIS INCRIVEL DOS FILMES!!! PQPThe special effect marvels were magnificent. The story is just there. Although the final shots of the space station reminded me of the better movie of Nolan, Inception. Those comparing this with 2001: A Space Odyssey have definitely never seen the better movie. Other than Nolan fanboys, anyone can clearly see Nolan becoming the next James Cameron. Too bad he will never be another Kubrik, or even Tarantino.Enthralling, provocative, ambitious.From dust-bowl to black hole, Nolan/McConaughey vs the unknown. Personally, I'm grateful for making it the whole way through without so much as little green men and a space battle (coughs* Star Wars ripoff coughs*) excuse me, or even so much as the mention of a space-time-continuum. Thanks Jar Jar Abrams. Everest sized tidal waves? That scene when Cooper watches the first video of his children right afterward? Chastain ripping the socks off from under us at the bookshelf? The most accurate black hole portrayal to ever be filmed? It seems the grandeur a filmmaker's ambition becomes, the more irrelevant they are. Somehow trying to be more profound to the point that they need Hans Zimmer's help to keep reminding you of it. When really, the longer 5 letter words seem to grind our nails down until our face's are nearly in blisters. How can some folk be so ungrateful? Seriously, I want to know. We see the impressions of 2001: A Space Odyssey, but where everyone seems to be going wrong is comparing it to that film. Apples to apples, I only see inspiration, the other nonsense goes with Tars.It was a masterpiece. I was immersed in it from beginning to end and it was quite a long movie. I would have given it a perfect score if not for a few oddities, like Matt being driving distance from NASA and then becoming a pilot overnight, and the fact they cheesed it out a bit with the "love concept." Also, why does Matt McConaughey talk so deep it comes off as a whisper sometimes? I couldnt make out what he was saying in some scenes. Everything else about it though was excellent and another epic music score from Hans Zimmer.Absolutely stunning. I can see why this movie split opinion as it was a touch drawn out and the 'science' element is of course all bollocks but even so, Nolan has a way of sucking me into a story like no other writer/director. Like Inception before it, this is a repeat viewer that will keep on giving for years to come.it was exciting to hear characters on screen discussing actual science, which is, indeed, infinitely more interesting and mind-blowing. That last term would go well to describing many of "Interstellar's" visual effects, which relied on real science for inspiration. Comparisons to "2001: A Space Odyssey" are inevitable, and like Stanley Kubrick's 1968 classic, "Interstellar" becomes all-consuming for audiences - a trip without leaving the theater. Nolan's spectacle, however, is more character-driven than "2001." To its credit, "Interstellar" brings humanity more directly into the equation. As mankind heads into the wonder of the cosmic unknown, questions of love and family become as complex as theoretical problems of how to maneuver in a wormhole. The filmmakers clearly want to bring some philosophical weight to the film, call it gravity. But transitions between the emotional and technical can seem forced, even jarring, at times. Nevertheless, give Nolan his props on trying to bring some light to the cinema with this extraordinary, if not perfect, film.An epic space Nolan film that is fantastic,visually fantastic and it made me cry 3 times.The best film of 2014This movie was 3 hours too long. It had a great concept for a minute or two and then it went completely downhill. I watched it for free at a premiere and I still didn't like it.Christopher Nolan and Hans Zimmer = astonishing! Enough said.Veamos de nuevo, muy buena.I really enjoy this genre but this movie wasn't as impressive as I thought it would be. It was too long and had too much going on (conspiracy & insane people); although I enjoyed the climax and ending.Quite good, interesting topic and development of quantum physicsA healthy dose of thrilling imagination. Thanks, M. Nolan and your wonderful team and actors.Another mind-blowing, heart-stopping, and even hypnotizing masterpiece from Christopher Nolan, though this one gradually becomes less reasonable for the average viewer and dives into a load of non-scientific wit in the final act.This is a terrible movie. Seems Mathew is going thr same way as Kevin Costner. Somebody help these good actors.The real science in this movie was captivating and the first half of the film just blew me away. The second half is a little farfetched, but that's Hollywood for ya--I still don't understand what a tesseract is after Googling it. Einstein's Relativity and Hawking's black holes are depicted beautifully. This movie has soul thanks to the actors, the musical score, and director Nolan's careful hand.Filled with emotion and marvelous music, Interstellar is Christopher Nolan's masterpiece that we've been waiting for. It's a grand adventure film that's full of incredible spectacles along with some very emotional scenes with Cooper and Murph. It's a beautiful piece of work.Another original concept by christopher nolan,Inspite of being long and boring at parts,its sad and good.Hated it. So confusing, had motion sickness the whole time, and worst ending ever. 2 stars bc I watched the whole thing.Unbelievable Masterpiece!Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends time and space. Christopher Nolan; you're simply the best.Emotionally resonant and deeply theological. For the life of me, I can't figure out why all the bad press.Great movie, go see it. It's really underrated, this movie made me tear up and it's about space yet the "phenomenon" American Sniper barely made me feel any emotions. Just a note for when someone sees the harsh and vague criticism about a movie with little to no flaws. Only deterrent in my opinion would have to be the science talk, first time I watched it the science mumbo jumbo really confused me and turned me off.This movie was exceptional. I can't tell you the last time I sat in a movie theater and was completely blown away. The story and cast are so perfectly played and executed there seems to be no flaw. This kind of epic science fiction fair is on the level of true visionary like Kubrick's 2001. Go watch it!I love it. I love Nolan~~It's going to make you think. No doubt about it. After digesting the movie and thinking about it, I really enjoyed it and admired it's scope. It's a science-fiction movie based on as much science-fact as possible. While the content and dialogue are heavy handed sometimes the context is not lost on you. Adding in great performances from the cast and you're right there sharing their struggle. McConaughey is brilliant in the role. An old fashioned throw-back to the early space race and every kid wanted to be an astronaut. The scene after they return from the first planet, and he goes through his messages is incredible. I wouldn't have minded to see a more clear-cut final scene, instead of assuming what's about to happen does happen. It would have felt like more closure. The visuals are gorgeous, especially in IMAX. Add in a deep score it's hard not to grip your seat tight. Similar to the Prestige and even Inception, there isn't a ton of action. It's a character driven drama and conflict that keeps your heart pounding; cut with a pace that gives the rising conflict momentum and substance.Christopher Nolan once again delivers an ambitious, thought-provoking epic which sticks with you long after the credits roll. The film's length and subject matter will alienate people who just want to watch a popcorn flick, so you should be prepared to invest a considerable amount of time and thought. There are a few small narrative shortcomings, but overall, this is an extraordinary experience.Would have given this film 5-stars if it were not for the time paradox. Other than that, the "thought-provokingness" of the plot is riveting. Now about the time paradox issue: (Spoiler alert! You have been warned.) In order for them (NASA) to do all the shit they did in the movie, humanity would've had to get to the point where they've advanced to the fifth dimension to be able to see time as a physical dimension, assist NASA by placing the wormhole, and to be able to build a tesseract to show time in three-dimensions. But in order for humanity to be able to advance to the fifth dimension, they (NASA) would have to do all the shit they did in the movie. TIME PARADOX! It's contradictory. I would've totally bought Aliens or an omnipotent godlike figure... but advanced, fifth-dimensional humans? I don't know. Still a phenomenal film though.I can say I genuinely disliked this movie.I can see why others would like it and there are good aspects in the film but I did not care for it at all. It was boring , long , tedious and pretty anticlimactic at points.It chose to cram so many things into one movie but left out so much stuff that would have been probably better shown instead of told.There were a lot of lapses in characters logic as well.The fact that the film is so grounded in reality in a sense in the beginning and completely loses that by the end is was what killed it overall for me. It's not a bad movie but nowhere near a good one.im still confused lolAn absolutely beautiful film. Story reminiscent of classic Spielberg, visuals reminiscent of Kubrick. Nolan has become one of the last true visionary directors of our timeInterstellar's metaphysical plot transcends far beyond event horizon. A thought-provoking masterpiece.This is one of the most fascinating films I've ever seen. Chris Nolan has done it again! Amazing performance by Matthew, and an absolutely brilliant score by Hand Zimmer!kind of a weird movie, but interestingThere is bit of suspended belief necessary to go along with this epic interstellar adventure. The ride continuously builds in momentum and excitement. Completely unexpected events. Rating: 8/10If you've seen 2001: A Space Odysey, you've seen Interstellar.If you know anything about physics, prepare to suspend your disbelief...you're in for a VERY unscientific journey.I didnt,like that much!!!!Still thinking about this movie the next day so it was definitely good. There were cheesy points and did get very confusing at times. But the story kept you in suspense throughout.Somewhat confusing plot saved by effective special effects and decent acting.If your a Nolan fan watch it. If your a Sci-Fi fan watch it. Is this movie perfect no of course not but is it enjoyable, hell yes. By this point Its probably too late to go see it on the big screen and if you haven't well you should have. But you should definitely buy it on Blu-Ray and see it on a proper television screen.Very good movie. Though I did get a little sick when they were in the original ship.can't wait to see the next one.Predictable. Over acted. Too long. Visually stunning (but so was Secret Life of Walter Mitty), so shooting on location in Iceland works for everyone.Quite an epic movie in terms of the technical accomplishment especially considering the length of the movie. the story is pretty good with some superb performances and direction. Seems like should be seen in IMAX to truly enjoy it .the feels is strong with this one.. obvious plot holes. still a good movie though.What a load of poo!!Possibly the worst and certainly the most frustrating film of 2014. The only redeeming feature is the special effects and the most memorable (and funny) scene in the entire film where a shuttle craft bounces off a frozen cloud. The other hilarious moment (at which point I was on the floor laughing) comes when the family sits around the table to eat the last of the failing crops. The entire food consists of Corn. Much like the film itself. The first forty minutes of this slow paced, dull witted movie, shares a setting and feel from another preposterous and lazy film called Signs. On the other hand, if you enjoyed Signs then Interstellar is a slam-dunk for you - you'll love this one! The film lurches into pseudo-science of the worst kind and has our heroes jumping across the galaxy to look at a bunch of uninhabitable planets. I won't ruin the experience for you, but from here onwards the story dissolve into ever more ridiculous techno-babble and pure fantasy. At any moment I was expecting Gandalf to make an appearance. In the end the film is a clumsy, lazy and addled attempt to convey an absurd message: namely that love conquers all and transcends time. A message delivered more competently by about 500 films before this one. Summarizing, Interstellar is Signs meets 2001: Space Odyssey without any of the intelligence or originality.It's Christopher Nolan here, so you should know what you are getting: the grandeur of an epic space opera combined with intimacy of a narrative about love and family. While definitely striking some familiar notes (the Greek epic, The Odyssey, 2001: A Space Odyssey), Interstellar has enough of Christopher Nolan's signature flare to be a spectacle in its own right, though the film also owes much of its success to the visual effects, a score from Hans Zimmer, and the strength and talent of its cast. "Interstellar" finds Cooper (Matthew McConaughey, still chugging along at the top of his acting game) finally getting the chance to utilize his gift for aerospace travel and his NASA training to explore a wormhole and find salvation for the human race. Interstellar certainly doesn't exclude itself from Christopher Nolan's archetypal main protagonist, the widowed man who is motivated by his loss to embark on a grand endeavor. Despite filling a mold, previously occupied by Leonard DiCaprio in "Inception," Guy Pierce in "Memento," and Hugh Jackman in "The Prestige," Matthew McConaughey flexes his dramatic muscles and, in doing so, provides another virtuoso performance to add to his "McConnaissance" repertoire. The score, provided by recurring Nolan collaborator, Hans Zimmer, perfectly supports - and sometimes carries - pivotal moments in the film. All in all, if you have three hours to watch a truly thought-provoking movie that will likely keep you up at night in speculation, "Interstellar" is a smart buy.The best film out there not the best of Nolan but certainly educatingOne of the best sci-fi movies to hit the screens in the recent past, and being from the Nolanverse, even the smallest of details in the movie have some importance or the other .. brilliant, brilliant graphics and an awesome tale to tell!!and I thought Gravity was badits one of those movie that can be loved or hated it has moments that shine but then there's moments that bore you and make you not want to continue but it does make up for it but there moments that don't make scene even after being though through like the scene where they fly off and there are two extras your supposed to care about but just leaving you have wondering why did they get included but overall its a movie you have to watch to determine if you like itMind bending and emotion twister.I have too much expectations on Nolan's interstellar, but I feel disappointed based on the late climax (the concept of the fifth space).Entertaining; looks great, well acted and paced, full of neat, albeit, familiar (to sci fi nerds) ideas. I'm particularly a fan of the consequences of time dilation on human relationships. I had a mind to criticize Interstellar for borrowing from Joe Haldeman's The Forever War but it is used differently enough to not be an issue. Falls apart a little in the 3rd act when it resorts to epic sci fi wankiness. Not everything has to be 2001!Tremendous movie! Incredibly imaginative!Smart, beautiful looking and grasping. It has a gift wrapped ending but other than that the story grabs you and it never lets you go. Another great work from Nolan that needs to be appreciated. Amazing use of practical effects and good writing. Yet not sure how i feel about certain parts of the movie."You might have to decide between seeing your children again and the future of the human race". Over the years, director Christopher Nolan has carved himself a place among the Hollywood elite. His sophomore movie Memento still remains one of my top ten personal favourite films but it was his hugely successful Dark Knight trilogy and the teasingly elaborate Inception that most people identified with. As a result of these blockbusters, there was much anticipation upon the release of his Sci-Fi epic Interstellar. Many were so enthused that they were literally counting down the days till the film's release. The anticipation was so huge that there was bound to be disappointment as few films can ever truly deliver on such a basis of expectation. Interstellar has become prey to this and I can honestly say that I wish I hadn't listened to the naysayers and their feelings of deflation. In the near future, Earth is on the brink of decimation from climate change - resulting in dust clouds, famine and drought. Humanity's last hope comes in the shape of astronaut turned crop-farmer, Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) who leaves behind his family to join a small crew of scientists and explore a wormhole in the far reaches our solar system. Travelling through this allows them to investigate planets which may be capable of sustaining life and possibly pave a new beginning for the human race. Let's face it, Nolan has never been one to scrimp on ideas or refrain from challenging his audience. Trying to tie your head around Inception or Memento, for example, were hard enough but he manages to go even further with Interstellar - and on a even grander scale. Beginning as a family drama, Nolan builds his characters and their relationships with a touching sensitivity - that he's not normally known for. As much as he's been able to bring a realism to his imaginative and convoluted films in the past, he's never really brought a deliberately paced, dramatic edge. He normally sets up his stall and fires on with it. Interstellar, however, shows him at his most restrained. He builds slowly and assuredly which, ultimately, add real scope to his overall vision. And that scope is astounding; he achieves the apocalyptic dread of a decaying earth before reaching for the stars and injecting hope and wonder. Of course, this is not before he forces you to get your thinking cap on and ponder the complexities of gravity, neutron stars, spinning wormholes, black holes and Einstein's theory of relativity. In order to ensure the film was scientifically accurate, Nolan enlisted the help of theoretical physicist Kip Thorne - who acted as a consultant throughout. His theories may be challenging but they only add to how impressive the film's idea's are and how they're not merely grown from a Hollywood script - they actually consist of scientific possibilities. This alone, hugely contributes to Interstellar being more than your average science fiction yarn. True, these theories and possibilities can be hard to wrap your head around but by building three dimensional characters and having reliable actors to embody them, Nolan has enough behind his grand ambitions to make events believable and manages to explain a fair bit on layman's terms. That being said, there are some questionable moments whereby we are offered a hypothesis on how love can transcend time and space. Admittedly, this is misplaced and clunky (even laughable) but the magnitude and scope of the film is so vast and ambitious that it's easy to overlook. It's occasions like these, however, that resemble a maudlin, schmaltzier touch more akin to Steven Spielberg (who was originally planning to make the film). Where it benefits from a Spielbergian influence, though, is in it's sense of wonder and adventure. Despite it's heavy themes, Nolan never forgets to entertain and (like Spielberg) delivers a real visual spectacle that reminds you of just how magical and escapist movies can be. The film does, admittedly, have inconsistencies but they were not enough to bother me. If anything, I found the whole experience to fit wonderfully together: Hans Zimmer's marvellously emotive score echoes the ethereal work of Philip Glass and serves the film perfectly - bringing a real gravitas to the whole spectacle - and McConaughey, yet again, delivers a central performance of real depth to a character that could so easily have been swamped with the big budget and special effects. Added to which, at a running time close to three hours, Nolan, seemingly, doesn't know when to stop. However, I didn't want him to. Any clock watching I found myself doing was only a result of not wanting it to end. It's visually spectacular and as much as I greatly admired Alfonso Cauron's Oscar winning Gravity for it's visuals, I thought it's story was found wanting. Interstellar, on the other hand, is narratively dense and the overall film that Gravity wishes it was. That being said, Nolan (and his co-writer and brother Jonathan) came in for some criticism in terms of their (almost indecipherable) plot and the holes therein. Personally, I think the criticisms are a tad harsh. Can it be deciphered? Is it too complicated for it's own good? Is it because it strives to be an intellectual voyage yet remain a crowd pleaser the reason it has split audiences? These questions are better left to the individual viewer but big budget spectacles, where they dare to challenge and entertain are hard to come by and on it's ambition alone, Interstellar succeeds. Nolan's epic odyssey is an old fashioned mix of grandeur, sophistication and entertainment. The frequency on which he's transmitting hasn't been well received by everyone but, personally, I was fully tuned in. Mark WalkerThough I knew there were problems in this movie, i just got powerless to say one critical word when I saw the beautiful scenes.Favorite movie of 2014. Absolutely mind blowing amazing! This is one to watch!!! Very rarely do I finish a movie and immediately want to watch it again back to back but this one did it for me. Very impressive!Interstellar stands as one of the greatest science fiction movies made of the 21st century so far, and I hope that human colonization of space does become achievable, beneficial and flawless.When you have to imagine a creative way for a happy ending, it sucks.Often feels somewhat inorganic and forced, but kinda fun nevertheless.What a beautiful film Interstellar is. A film that is not only about a grand journey, but a grand journey in and of itself. A visually stunning and thought provoking experience that shouldn't be missed by Nolan and Sci fi fans. An emotianl riller coaster filled to the brim with edge of your seat moments and incredible acting. Must see.This movie was fantastic. If you were like warm about it, and don't have kids, go see it again if and when you become a parent. It, to me, had everything I look for in a movie. Would be curious to know what percentage of the negative review came from folks without a child.Nolan lo vuelve a hacer, un guion muy interesante, como siempre sutil, la trama es sin duda un "viaje espacial" cargado de adrenalina con actuaciones increíbles, una banda sonora magistral, efectos muy buenos (bien usados) y sobre todo un guion excelente y como siempre una dirección espectacularPerhaps the most re-watchable 3-hour movie since The Godfather. A very ambitious film by Nolan and everyone involved. I am so happy that a film like this could made--and by film, I literally mean film! I would definitely argue that this is Nolan's most perfect film. A landmark in cinema that I hope, as well as I believe Nolan does, that will be a stepping stone toward greater evolution in visual story telling. Whatever the future holds, and whatever we may learn from the past, time is always running forward.A movie I have already seen twice and will watch a few more times!!!Great movie! Great soundtrack!Very powerful images and story. Concept is very innovative. End premise is a little hard to swallowOne of the sci-fi I have ever seen as far as plot and graphics go.An excellent film with a fascinating plot and good acting. The nice thing is that you quickly forget about the special effects as the characters, and the different aspects of humanity that they show, dominate what is an engrossing story. It's also nice to see a film based on real science, which is much more weird and twisted than fiction.Not one of my fav nolan films but better then most other. I give it credit for its ambition and scope but this film falls more into the "inception" catagory, entertaining but lacking depth. I am not sure if love being the answer is something nolan just can take on, or perhaps we have seen that theme to many times before, or maybe its just dumb in general. Lots of super interesting science. Every space movie sense 2001 gets compared to 2001 mostly for no real reasons, but this i would say is closest. Definitely a theater movie.When the earth is about to run out of food and water. Stepping through time and black holes will provide all the answers. At nearly 3 hours long this movie goes on with far too long with very little pace.Very well made I'm going to see it againWhat can I say... beautifully scripted... beautifully acted... all is all beautifully done.had its moments and was quite entertaining and engaging...until the last third of the movie just went down wtf-ville...A never ending movie. Had some fascinating moments which all fell apart in a predictable and dissatisfying ending.Christopher Nolan did it once again. He made a great movie with great effects, great story, and great acting. This movie made me feel the most from this whole year's lineup of movies. It had some great shockers that had the whole theater gasping. Great performances by the whole crew.Deals with some complex astrophysics concepts in a popular film - there's a challenge.This film should have won BEST PICTURE--at the very least, it should have been nominated! GREAT STORY! Great music, great actors...it's got it all.Surprisingly good movie about space exploration and beyond. Extreme science fiction stuff here.Couldn't stop thinking about Buick commercialsthis movie makes you think and keeps you on the edge of your seat . I wish it had more romace but I still enjoyed it very much with my boyfriend.just weird. Not a fan of McConaghey anyway. So far fetched even for science fiction.Visually cool then at the end you just say. What the f did i just watch and wow did i just really waste 2 plus on this ....I don't like SCI-FI but it was ok. Best part was the music.Best Picture 2014 in my book. Nolan has come full circle. This is his best movie yet. He keeps out doing himself. His stories scrips and films are innovative, genuine and so unique. I cannot wait for the next treat that Nolan gives the world of cinema.Powerful, emotional sci-fi.Good concept, great cast..... Just not enough explanations of events, passage of time, and suchSucked! Sucked and then sucked some more!I might have enjoyed the movie more if I could have heard the dialogue over the ridiculously loud music.Odd movie really, as we see far more of global dust issues than alien worlds. The landers are ultra-advanced, apparently needing little or nothing by way of reaction mass. I suspect that with tech like that, global weather might be a resolvable issue. Hypercube ending nicely realised. See it for the last half.Was this a 2001 space odyssey? What a snooze fest.Christopher Nolan has once again made another beautiful movie! This is probably one of my favorite movies of all time! The story was amazing, the special effects were breathtaking, and the character development was very well done. 10/10!too longggggg almost fell asleep. whole theater of ppl walked out looking stunned like they'd just walked into a glass door...like: huh? what the f**k was that?Interesting but too long. I got tired of Matthew McConaughey being Matthew McConaughey in a space suit.In the future, a worldwide dust bowl slowly renders the Earth unfit for human life. In order to prevent extinction, the human race is forced to explore outside of their solar system using a newly found wormhole. Cooper (Matthew McConaughey), the former NASA pilot, is sent out with a group of researchers to explore potentially habitable worlds. Meanwhile, time is quickly running out for those left on earth. Professor Brand (Michael Caine), a NASA physicist, works rapidly to crack the code of gravity in order to save those left on earth. Overall the movie Interstellar was extremely entertaining. The production never had a slow moment and kept my interest. Every image shown was brilliant and very pleasing to the eye. Watching Interstellar puts your brain to work with incredibly accurate science. Along with it's scientific aspect, this movie leaves room for your wild imagination and brings an emotional dimension. Everything about Interstellar is well thought out a put together. The soundtrack, actors, images, story line, and dialogue all fit together pleasantly making Interstellar a must watch for everyone. Witnessing the end of this production is a mind blowing experience. Watch Interstellar now with an open mind and form your opinion.Interstellar is a meaningful cinema about love, hope, and betrayal. The movie is based on the world dying due to the soil drying up leaving only corn remaining as food. Throughout this movie it talks about love and how important it is to us all. Matthew McConaughey plays the main character that goes off into space. His part in this movie was really great and he did fantastic in it. The CGI animation is wonderful and unforgettable. While watching it you can see the creativity put into it all. The sets looked wonderful and not too fake and pointless. Also, the costumes made sense and fit in perfectly with where they were and what they were doing. For example, in space they all truly looked like astronauts and nowhere near fake or anything. The movies main message was "Love is all you need" because almost everything that occurred in the movie was mostly based off of love. Interstellar was kind of a slower paced movie because it took so long to get to the point and include anything that they needed too. It was a longer movie which made it slower because they had so much time to fill. Also, the storyline and dialogue gave it more character. The movie keeps you thinking the whole time and asking questions like "what is gonna happen next?" or "How did that happen?" Interstellar will leave you wanting more. It has amazing special effects, acting and a great concept. For example, the idea of earth dying and us needing to find a new planet to live on in a new galaxy is amazing and unbelievable. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves suspenseful, sci fi thrillers. I would guarantee you will not be disappointed, and if you are then you might not be very into sci fi movies like these.The cinema Interstellar, directed by Christopher Nolan had an underlying theme of love conquering, and driving your actions. This message was shown mainly through Cooper's relationship with his daughter Murph. Cooper, played by Matthew McConaughey, channeled emotions that transmitted perfectly through the screen, and connected with the viewers on an emotional level. The plot was driven by their tumultuous relationship; scenes with the two of them, triggered emotions some viewers never thought they had. The storyline and dialogue were in perfect harmony. There was a balance of dialogue throughout the movie. In some scenes, the graphics were so outstanding that there was no need for dialogue, and Nolan recognized that. The sets and costumes on this film were, literally, out of this world. The visuals of outer space, and different planets were unbelievably realistic. The costumes, mostly the space suits, were extremely practical, as well. The visuals and costumes exceeded my expectations. Even during the scenes when the group of scientists and explorers were in this space ship, it still felt so real. The pace of the movie was slow at some points, but at no time was it boring. The movie kept me thoroughly intrigued, and had me answering questions and analyzing situations throughout the cinema. The editing of the movie was seamless, and each shot was perfectly filmed. Some of the more dramatic scenes were filmed with darker lighting, and intense background music which just added to the powerful and mind-boggling scenes. The acting in this film was spot-on. Each actor had impeccable performances and were very relatable. Whether it was Cooper and his life-changing decision of leaving his daughter, or Brand, played by Anne Hathaway, with her love story, you felt connected to the characters in this film. Christopher Nolan was sure to put one of his trademarks, nonlinear storytelling, into this film, along with his distinctive camera angles.Christopher Nolan has yet again, made another amazing film. By making movies with complex and hard-to-grasp concepts, Nolan captures the attention of the audience and forces them to really think to follow the movie. The film was made with a camera shot that often shook and swayed, almost giving the feel that the viewer is really suffering on Earth and sifting through space along with the characters. The visual effects in this movie are phenomenal! Providing crisp clean images of distant planets, space ships, and special elements; Nolan gives each viewer a brilliant image of space. The quick switches between shots add a sense of confusion during tense scenes, and ultimately offer a rushed and flustered feeling to the viewer. With an underlying concept of love Nolan is able to make the audience feel for the characters and connect with them. The actors, especially Matthew McConaughey and Mackenzie Foy's intimate scenes together, did an unparalleled job of toying with your emotions. The excitement of this film and the amazing cinematography will not leave you in regret, but rather in awe due to the immense idea of the whole movie. Nolan often takes on a role of focusing on huge events such as the destruction of Earth. Playing with fears of the human race and turning those fears into complex ideas, this film will leave you with your head spinning after a mind blowing ending to keep you thinking. The layering of ideas in the film gives a sense much like the movie Inception, also by Nolan, and steals away the viewers' attention. Seeing this movie will not leave you with regret but rather a new range of thoughts on space and the fate of the human race.Interstellar, a film set in the future, focuses on the topic of how our time on Earth as the human race is coming to an end. Earth no longer contains the resources we need to sustain life and we are forced to venture out into space and search for another habitable planet to call home. Underlining the film as a whole is the commonly brought up theme of love and the power it has over the universe. The idea that love binds us all together and possibly even contains the power to bend space and time itself is extraordinary. Although the overall topic is hard to grasp and understand at times, it is very well told. The scientific detail incorporated into the script is on a higher level of comprehension but is still good. Space has no boundaries therefore being the perfect candidate to theorize upon. The way the ending pieced everything together is phenomenal. Although the thought of Earth dying is unimaginable Nolan somehow brings everything together to make it all so believable and convincing. The characters are very well developed to the point where you can imagine them existing in the real world apart from being in the film. Cooper, played by Matthew McConaughey, is a former space pilot who is recruited by NASA to go back up into space to search for a new world that the human race can survive on. When caught in a struggle between seeing his two children again or saving the human race we are stuck on the edge of our seats throughout the entire film. McConaughey in this serious role executed the character so well we continue to root for him throughout the movie and to play the role of the hero by the end. The visual effects in this film are absolutely breathe taking. While watching the film its not too hard to feel as though you are actually in space. The image of the planets they venture to are so diverse yet not too far fetched with our lack of knowledge in the space field and what it holds. Christopher Nolan has definitely outdone himself this time and left us speechless. It is not unlike him to take on such a huge topic and turn it into a masterpiece. Nolan is known for his in depth works involving the deep nature of truth. But once again he does not fail to surprise us in the marvelous works of Interstellar.After watching the movie interstellar I was blown away by how well Christopher Nolan directed this film. While watching this I felt so many different ways, I went from being in suspense to being sad in a number of minutes. The film not only portrayed an astronaut trying to save the world, but also a father leaving his kids behind. One thing that I thought really had an impact of my feelings during the film was the soundtrack that went along with the movie. The louder the music got the more intense the movie was for me. The angles of the camera during this movie made it even more memorizing, throughout the film I felt as though I was on the spaceship with Matthew McCnaughey. Midway through the film Actress Anne Hathaway did a great job when she explained that they should follow her heart this drew many emotions and made me excited to see what would happen next. I think that the overall theme of this movie that love is everything was also brilliant. The story line was a lot different than a lot of other movies which was expected being a Christopher Nolan film. However the thoughts that the movie made me think were simply not explainable. All in all I think Christopher Nolan and all of the actors and actresses did a wonderful job at making this movie happen.The movie Interstellar was a great piece of cinema and one that should be remembered for years to come. Christopher Nolan did a wonderful job with this film and topped all of it off with a visual masterpiece. This film is one that means something, it is not one of the bottom of the line movies that have no meaning and are a complete waste of time. This movie is what could be the future of us (human beings). It takes place as humans trying to find an alternate habitat for a dying earth. It Takes place as what the future could bring and hard fought journey to get there .The storyline and dialogue run very smoothly throughout the movie for the most part. In some parts in can be slow but very few of those stretches appear. Now for the dialogue the characters throughout the film experience many hard fought problems and are forced to overcome them, this being expressed with very vibrant communication. Some of the sets that were created and used for this film were magnificent. They really showed how real space is and what it looks like for the average human being. For this film Christopher Nolan should receive very high praise for his great work of cinematography for this film. He went above and beyond the expectations of what I foresee as an average movie. To be able to portray space and create a visual of what he seeds it as is mind blowing for me. Also how he carried the movie with is message is how every quality film should be made. The screenplay in my mind showed the advances of people in the future and how our world in the future could and this film showed how import quality actors/actresses help for a successful film. Lastly the directors distinctive style was definitely shown in this movie. The classic Christopher Nolan with such a meaningful movie with twist and turns throughout the way. Overall this was a very quality and meaningful movie. I give Interstellar a 8/10.As thought-provoking as it is entertaining, Interstellar definitely lives up to the standard that Christopher Nolan has set for his films. Breathtaking scenery, gripping dialogue, and a stunning soundtrack only further add to the smart and complex storyline. While the space travel in the film carries the central plot and is backed by plausible scientific reasoning, this just provides a contrast to the actual theme of the movie: humanity. The exposition of this three-hour film may seem slow, but is critical in understanding the film later on. Matthew McConaughey plays Cooper, a widowed father of son, Tom, and daughter, Murph, living in a tragic, yet realistic future for America. This is an almost dystopian world, riddled with problems like scarce food sources and dust storms. Cooper is a former pilot and his skills are used by NASA in a mission to find a new planet suitable for humanity to live on. This sets him out, along with Brand, played by Anne Hathaway, a robot, and two other courageous explorers, played by Wes Bentley and David Gyasi. McConaughey's performance as Cooper is strong and emotional, evident in scenes that play off of his relationship with Murph. Hathaway, on the other hand, seemed like an awkward fit for Brand, going from lacking any emotion to drastically in search for her love. The film is driven by a Dylan Thomas quote, "Do not go gentle into that good night..." which is brought up and repeated at various points in the movie, tying back to the main theme. Love, selfishness, and relationships, atypical themes to be included and portrayed positively in a sci-fi film, are what, at its core, Interstellar is about. Overall, it was an excellent movie and in order to be appreciated to its full extent, should be watched multiple times.Interstellar is truly an incredible film. Starting with the basics, just the plot itself is amazing to even think about and already leaves you with wonder of what may be coming. Along with the plot the amazing images put into the film to go along with space were outstanding. The movie did get a little slow during the middle as you are waiting for something exciting to happen but other than that this film was spot on. Great acting and cast choice, the characters really brought emotion to the scenes. There was a lot of thought put into this movie and leaves you with much confusion while you are watching it. It is a movie that you really have to stay involved with and paying attention to fully understand what is going on. The best part of the movie would have to be the phenomenon that Christopher Nolan leaves you with to think about. Being known for this, Christopher Nolan did an incredible job on getting his audience really involved into the film to the point where they actually have to think and create their own opinion on what is going on. Watching this film your mind goes a little crazy trying to process the idea that this movie promotes and forces you to think very hard and deep about it. The ending leaves you with something to go home and think about with what seems to be somewhat of a cliff hanger. Overall I would definitely give Interstellar a 4.5 out of 5. Almost the whole movie was perfectly constructed except for a few slow parts and confusion during the middle of the film.It's all a matter of perspective. It is critical that one understands the importance of another's view point. If you aren't able to follow the storyline to this movie, then you have missed some key events that have happened in the before scenes. This movie is packed full of foreshadowing from beginning to end. The scene of Cooper having a flashback to when he was a NASA Pilot, kind of told me that there was going to be more of that. Also the fact that "The Ghost" kept reappearing in the dialogues throughout the intro to this movie made me wonder what is was. The storyline is amazing as well. The world is coming to an abrupt end and an underground NASA company has the blueprints to save the world or salvage humanity. Cooper is picked to restore humanity and insure it will not go instinct. His acting as a leader was on point as well. He had a well conducted crew on board. What was so interesting to me was Anne Hathaway's Character made a remark about love. She said love could be another dimension. That's quite hard to believe but Interstellar does not try to say that love is another dimension. It's actually a beautiful metaphor! Often we use simple analogies to describe a complex phenomenon. Here they have done the exact opposite. They have used a complex physics theory ( that Gravity can transcend across dimensions) to describe a relatively simpler idea. This movie gets you to think. It gets your creative juices going and I highly recommend watching. 4 Stars!!!!!!Overall I would say Interstellar is one of the best movies I have seen. I felt the movie did a fantastic job of making me feel like I was there, and was very atmospheric. The cinematography, soundtrack, and sound editing were all phenomenal. The soundtrack was amazing; I felt it complimented the movie extremely well. It really increased the tension and overall it blew my mind. I also thoroughly enjoyed the special effects. The special effects and CGI looked very believable and added a lot to the movie. Something I also liked were the two robots, TARS and CASE. They were very well done characters that each had a personality of their own, and even though there were robots I liked them just as much as the main characters. Although the movie was long, the story was good enough to keep me interested the whole time. The story line progressed well and always had me guessing and wondering what was going to happen next. Some of the scenes had me on the edge of my seat. Watching it a second time I enjoyed it more because of all the small details I didn't notice before. I also really like the message it was trying to send. Although I won't spoil it, the movie had a deeper meaning and provides a good look into humanity. A lot of people are talking about the ending and why they liked or didn't like it and I have to say I really enjoyed it. One thing I would recommend is really paying attention, or you might miss some important details and leave the theater confused. I really liked the ending because it made you think about it. It was not just something that you can just absorb and not think twice about. The ending makes you think about everything that happened in the movie, which I loved. I would recommend every one watch it.Christopher Nolan's Interstellar is one of the most thought provoking movies I've ever seen. With the unclear ending, the movie is left open for interpretation which is the best way to end a film. Two people can watch the same film and walk away thinking two different things even happened. This brings about very controversial theories about the ending. The somewhat hidden underlying theme would not have been guessed through watching the trailers. Nolan's very distinct style is visibly present all throughout this film. The dialog was very well put together as well as the sound track. These two factors are crucial yet overlooked for the overall performance for the movie. The sound track Nolan used adds to the intensity and dramatic effect of the film. Equally, if not more important is the storyline. The story line for this film is unquestionably outstanding; I am truly amazed in the talent of this director to even come up with a storyline such as this one. Along with these things, the set in which the movie takes place becomes very real to the viewer. The audience can feel what it is like to live in this time/different world. In addition, the special effects are terrific and out of the ordinary, making the overall film more intensifying. My only critique would be the casting. I felt some actors/actresses did not fit in the role they were assigned. Anne Hathaway, Topher Grace, and Matt Damon all performed very well throughout Interstellar although I think different actors would have been a better fit. Other than the casting, this movie is a must see.'Interstellar' is an incredible, thought-provoking journey that combines underlying themes of the strength of love and survival instinct with action. The main idea is that love has the power to bring people across the universe and through time, whether it is a romantic relationship, friendship, or family ties. There is also a focus on humanity and selfishness, which is seen through many characters including: Matt Damon's character, Dr. Mann, Anne Hathaway's character, Dr. Brand and many others. Christopher Nolan, the director, did a great job of creating a complex story-line that leaves the viewer constantly wondering what's going to happen next. He manages to get some really cool and unusual camera angles too, which majorly adds to the film. The atmospheres produced from the shots appear to be dark and cold to build the ominous feel. Matthew McConaughey, the actor who plays Cooper, displays raw emotion so well, which was important for the many high emotion scenes. The relationship between the characters and the viewer becomes quite intimate as the film goes on, due to these emotional scenes and dialogue. While it is a long movie at around two and a half hours, it doesn't feel long because it is fast paced. It's hard to lose interest with so much going on. There are quite a few plot twists that really add to the suspense and secretive feel of the movie. Another thing that makes this film great is that while it is science fiction and the viewer knows that while watching it, the information is based upon science that actually makes sense. So, when watching it the events seem realistic, making the characters actions more relatable. The shots of space looked realistic as well; CGI and special effects, for the most part, were really good, there wasn't so much that it took away from the story. One of the prominent aspects of the film, the soundtrack, was amazing. It helped to add so much suspense and excitement to the experience. One negative, which did not affect me personally, but may have been a problem for others is because of the nonlinear story-line some people, might have had problems following what was happening. Similar to 'Inception', another Nolan brothers' film, some people just don't understand the twists and turns of the story and this could take away from the viewing experience. Overall, 'Interstellar' is definitely worth the watch. It is a phenomenal production that is one of those films that everyone should see at least once in their lives.I think interstellar is meaningful cinema because the planet we live on we eventually die and we need to find another galaxy or planet to live on. We need the bravest people to go and find new things in the world to keep this human race living for billions of years. People need to understand that we are killing this earth and with no other place to go yet so we need the money and people to move beyond our galaxy to find new habitats. I think the message the filmmaker is trying to send is that in the matter of a couple million years as people are getting smarter they are finding new ways to get to new places. I think this movie was very great because it had many challenges and many actions to understand what kind of pressure everyone in space was in. also how the time relativity was when they were in a different galaxy and then on the planet how crap goes wrong when they trust people very good movie. This movie was kind of long but every moment it had something going on and it was very good to understand how they start everything. In the end it was kind of confusing but eventually you understand everything as things fall in place.There's something missing, but absolutely worth watchingAlthough there were some plot holes, still cannot deny Interstellar was a beautiful, and emotional film! What a breathtaking cinematic experience! McConaughey gives an Oscar worthy performance, and the score by Hans Zimmer is absolutely stunning :) Favorite movie of the year!Arrogantly insists on blowing your mind about space McConahey unbelievable as a astronaut, other actors perform badly as well, but cool spaceship and robot; action and special effects make it worth seeing if your in the moodBetter the second time around as if flattens out one disappointing twist for me, and got me excited for the second big twist. The score was better than the first time I saw it - they must have corrected the IMAX sound issues that plagued the initial release. Very emotional and heartfelt. And superb acting by all involved.I know how it happened, but I do not know how to explain it. All I can say is... its Perfect, amazing, flawless. And my mind has been blown!Dono da melhor cena e do melhor corte do ano.The best movie I've ever seen. It manages to be both scientific and artistic, drawing the emotion of humanity through the harsh reality of the universe. The way it uses science allows the plot to go further than nearly any movie can.Everywhere from the dialogues to the costume designs, Interstellar was a fantastic movie. It was both intellectually and emotionally satisfying. Christopher Nolan, the director of Interstellar, knew not only how to hit our emotions, but made us think as well. For a director who tends to go on the traditional side, this seemed to be out of his comfort zone and I think he nailed it. Specifically the scene when Copper, or Matthew McConaughey, was trying to talk to Murph, Jessica Chastain, in the world behind the black hole. Nolan is also not one to get to the point, Interstellar definitely shows this side of Nolan. Reaching to almost 3 hours long, the pace of this movie was on the longer side. With a director like Nolan this is expected, also with such a dynamic plot line it is good to have a slower pace movie. On the emotional side, the movie was also hit a home run. Dramatic scenes in some movies can seem as though they are forced. The conversations between our main characters in dramatic settings was the exact opposite. When Copper and young Murph were talking before Copper departed, it felt like a real father-daughter talk. The acting form such a little girl was amazing. The conversations in a movie can make or break it and the luckily here, it made it. To add, the special effects and costume designs in this movie, were amazing. To elaborate, when professor Brand shows Copper the rocket they are going to send to space, the sparks and overall design were very realistic. The size of the ship was exactly like the real ones. The other special effect scene that stuck out to me was when they were going through the wormhole. The noise and "galaxy colors" in this scene were breathtaking. The costume designs were also very realistics as well. In the beginning of the movie Copper's family was dressed in ragged clothing they was covered in dust. The astronaut costumes were also very well done. Another thing, overlooked by many, is the soundtrack of a movie. The songs can dictate the entire movie's success. If you play a sad song during a happy moment or vise versa, it could confuse the viewer. The songs during Interstellar depicted the scenes very well. While flying through space the music was suspenseful and really drew us into the scene. To wrap it all up, Interstellar was a fantastic movie with genius screenplay and ideas.All I can say is that this is one amazing movie. I feel that this was a very meaningful cinema mostly because it shows our future and what it can come down to if the earth was going to end and what we can do. Some very important and well acting dialogues was when Matthew McConaughey's cry towards the end of the movie. I feel that this is important because it really did show passion towards the movie and also made you feel very connected and sad as he was crying. The overall storyline was very interesting mostly because it made you think that the world could actually end and some of the things that you could or would do to help it. The sets and costumes made a big impact on the movie because all of the scenes that were in space were amazing to me, and also made me think about how they would make this. Also the costumes were very interesting because over the years they really didn't change and I thought that was a bit weird and interesting at the same time for the reason that it was 100 years later and the doctors look present day and all of the technology didn't change much like in the hospital.Interstellar was brilliantly written by Christopher Nolan and his thought out and complex story line is absolutely incredible. The film stars Matthew McConaughey who pours his heart and soul into his role as Cooper, and makes you truly get lost in the fictional story. Although this plot line was made up the events that occur in this story really make you think and contemplate our very existence on earth and the idea of traveling in time and discovering unimaginable things. The sets and animations in Interstellar were awesome. They were realistic but also extremely creative at times when Cooper's group was traveling to various different locations in way outer space. The use of robots was extremely interesting as they had human qualities but could also perform certain things unlike any other humans. You will never become bored at any part in this movie. The way the film switches from Earth and to space is really cool and the correspondence between Coopers family and him is heart wrenching. I found this film to be extremely interesting as far as the action in it but also very emotionally heavy towards the end as you see Cooper struggle with the decisions he makes. The use of foreshadowing in this movie really makes you think and appreciate the complexity of the way it was written. You will find yourself talking about this movie long after it has left the screen. Many aspects of this film will spark an interest for someone which is partially the reason why it has been nominated for 10 Oscars. You will rethink everything you once thought was true while watching this movie. It lives up to its name Interstellar, the theory of everything.In the movie Interstellar we are shown a civilization that is practically dying and in desperate need of some support. Later on a life threatening decision will have to be made if they are willing to safe the people of earth. A struggling family is introduced possessing a father, Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) along with his father in law and two children. McConaughey has a very convincing relationship with his two children. As a viewer we are able to understand and grasp the drama, fights, tears and love that take place between Cooper, his son and daughter. In my opinion, McConaughey was an outstanding choice to play the role of Cooper in the film. He displayed emotions almost perfectly. You were able to feel what he was feeling in most situations, such as having to say goodbye to his intelligent daughter Murph (Jessica Chastin) as he frantically longed to salvage their relationship. A character that I feel may have been overlooked in the movie is Professor Brand's daughter Amelia (Anne Hathaway). Hathaway did a fantastic job playing a supporting role to McConaughey. She has been in many other great films, but something about her acting in this one was a little different from the others. She desired to see her father, professor Brand, but she had to conceal those feelings in order to stay focused and be able to finish the mission. I believe that she did a wonderful job presenting this to the audience and really added a sense of determination to her character. One thing that really stood out to me in Interstellar was the creative sets that they used. Inside the hidden NASA base was very interesting. It was almost sophisticated and had a hint of "futuristic" in it. Although the most creative was how the displayed the different planets that they visited throughout the mission, and the way the showed the crew going through the "wormhole" into what was supposedly another galaxy. Another addition to the movie that I found neat was the two robots Tars and Case. Tars and Case used as a help to Brand and Cooper on the mission. The way that the robots were constructed was unlike anything I have seen before. They looked sleek, clean and were overall just a great addition that was in the movie. The costumes used in the movie were kept simple, as they should have been. Overall I did find myself enjoying the movie, but many times I was confused about some of the things going on. I feel that there wasn't just one big plot in the film, but many small ones that you had to follow and it just became to be too many. I would recommend Interstellar to anyone that enjoys action movies with a little bit of a mystery added into it!Chris Borrelli. The movie Interstellar was a very meaningful cinema showing the relationship between a father and daughter. This movie showed the dangers of being an astronaut, and the hardship of being away from family for long periods of time. Interstellar also showed how well astronauts can troubleshoot when a problem occurs. This film contained a lot of special effects that were amazing but also had effects that could have edited better to seem more natural. The actors in this film did an outstanding job when expressing emotions. I believe that the filmmaker should have spent more time with the aging of the minor but noticeable details throughout the film.Interstellar was one of those movies that kept you on your feet wanting to know what's going to happen next. The ending to Interstellar will leave you guessing because you don't know what to believe. It will spark some controversy between you and the others around you watching it. Interstellar is all about space. The Earth has some severe droughts and Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) along with a group of scientists at NASA goes to the end of the earth, to new galaxies to find new life for the human race to live on. The beginning of the movie starts out slow but it eventually picks up when Matthew McConaughey goes up into space. The special effects and the camera angles are amazing. I have not seen special effects used so well in a long time. Christopher Nolan does an amazing job at portraying what the future will hold in this movie. Nolan focuses on the big picture about the fate of humanity and what exactly are we to do when Earth is believed to be at its end. Christopher Nolan does a great job at portraying what he sees and moving it to the big screen for all of us to watch. The sets are amazing and the costumes are great too. The costumes are what you would think the future would be like. The spacesuits are more technologically advanced and the spaceships are as well.The movie Interstellar is an extremely fresh take on an old idea-that love can overcome all boundaries, even the space time continuum. The premise of the movie is that the earth is dying, and taking mankind with it. The main character, Cooper, is a former NASA pilot turned farmer that has two children: a son, Tom, and a daughter, Murf. Murf gives him coordinates that lead him to an underground NASA station, where he is asked to pilot a spaceship that will be sent to find a planet that is habitable for humans. Through this journey, Christopher Nolan uses stunning cinematography to transport you through space and time. The use of stark contrasts makes it visually stimulating, with heavy shadows, and bright light sources. The use of silence is extremely well done in Interstellar, adding to the realism of being in space. The score is very fitting as well, with orchestral arrangements that raise tension and create suspense for the viewers. While it is a sci-fi movie, the set was very believable, and you could easily see it being from the future without being too outrageous. The ending of the movie brought a lot of discussion on what really happened. Everyone will draw their own conclusions, and every one could be right. One thing is for sure, the message is that no matter how advanced we become scientifically, or how logical and precise we become, human emotions will always still be with us, and be extremely important. Interstellar is a visually pleasing film, conveying a beautiful message of human emotion.The movie Interstellar is a movie that has truly deserved its great reviews. This is a movie with a solid plot, which even comes with twists. The movie, although slow at the beginning, has many conflicts within. There are tragedies and incidents that will keep the viewer interested. As far as the special effects go, they are seamless. The costumes hinted at a setting that is almost parallel to our society. With T-shirts and jeans similar to the styles now, along with a truck that is from our time period, it would seem that this is based in current times. However, through dialog, it is apparent that the world is almost post- apocalyptic and that there is only a fraction of the humans left on earth than it used to have. The effects were incredible and added an element to the movie that couldn't be achieved otherwise. The explosions, sound effects, and the anti gravity were extremely realistic. Overall, the acting is what allows this movie to be what it is. Matthew McConaughey provides a great performance as a father figure who has to make a choice between his family and the human race. At emotional scenes, his acting is very believable. You can hear the pain in his voice, see the heartbreak on his face. The great acting was a result of the casting. The actors that play the children when they are older, are both very similar looking to the child actors. And when tragedy occurs, the older actors portray the same emotions that the child actors provided in the earlier part of the movie.The movie Interstellar has been one of the best movies that I have seen in a long time. Throughout the movie the actors did a terrific job of getting into their parts and creating powerful emotion. Towards the end of the movie, Matthew McConaugheys' emotion is so strong that you can just feel his pain. Also the set design and the graphics were just spectacular. This made the movie feel much more realistic and not like some corny movie. With the set and costumes you could tell that this is taking place I the future. I also feel that the cinematography of this movie was well thought out. The animations of the film were very sharp and very realistic looking. The animations seemed like they were real footage. All in all this movie has become one of my favorite movies and I would recommend it for anyone.In my opinion, Interstellar is a progressive movie in two different ways. First of all, the movie started out ok, if not a little confusing, but ended with a bang. Secondly, the movie takes place in the future, and makes you really think with all of their creative and understandable futuristic ideas. This movie focused on questions that have been circling our societies mind for a while now, and makes us sit in awe as we contemplate what the future has in store. In the beginning the script was confusing and frustrating, as it did not give you any background information or the time when this movie was supposed to take place. Now that does not change much by the end of the movie, but you are able to assume and get a better understanding for what has happened before the movie takes place. The special effects and CGI used in this movie were good, but nothing spectacular or new. Overall the acting was pretty good, especially during the emotional scenes, so no complaint there. One part of the movie that irritated me was the choppy camera movements. In certain spots in the movie the camera snapped back and forth, giving it an irritating effect instead of the intense one the director was most likely aiming for. Overall though, the movie was worth watching and I would recommend it to anyone who has a gpa over a 2.0.Starting in the beginning of the movie the scene takes a jump to be very intense, with very good sound effects and incredible visual effects. It starts in the middle of a scene but when it's over the story line starts from the beginning and continues on. So it was interesting to see a part from later in the movie right when it started to gradually get to the original starting scene. Towards the beginning it was taking a little bit to get to going and really figure out the mission they were going on but when they did figure it out it started moving quick. Also I think they either could have made it more scientific and adapted to the environment in a more accurate way. The space suits that the astronauts wore were very impressive so the wardrobe guy did a very good job. At one point when they entered into a planet to see if humans could survive, for every hour spent on that planet was equivalent to 7 years on earth. Overall, the movie was left very open ended leaving you to draw your own conclusions, and the ending was very hard to take in and know what was happening. Then, they related the whole movie back to the beginning and then showed the result of what people had done to figure out the other half of the equation and their current efforts to keep moving forward.Absolutely amazing movie; the dynamic and full on emotion this movie brought to its audience was outstanding. In personal retrospect Interstellar was a heart throbbing adventure that gave this sense of passion for so many things. Matthew McConaughey (Cooper) was overpowering with his ability to portray such Hero, his role in the adventure created this amazing reality to just how much actors/actresses put into their characters. Though the respect reaches far past McConaughey's acting; Anne Hathaway was brilliant while playing Dr. Brand and Jessica Chastain/Mackenzie Foy gave Murph an outstanding image of brilliance and knowledge far past expectations. That's enough about an overwhelming obsession with actors, moving on to the Love factor. Love was a major piece in this emotional heart breaker. From family love to true love, it always finds a way. Call me optimistic but this movie was a demanding role, in the despairing scenes or in the happy scenes, love was a factor. In every scene Love was flashing like a strobe light. Except Love wasn't the only thing that made this experience remarkable; there are so many other pieces to the puzzle. The visual effect for one was heart stopping, this is not coming from a scientifically accurate mouth but the space features were astounding. The planets were beautiful and vibrantly realistic down to the last drop of water. The sound quality wasn't the best during the action shots but once the scene settled down the voices were smooth. Moving back to special effects, the men did absolutely amazing and deserved their Grammy. Although Interstellar was an incredible movie, its competition was a bit aggressive. Between Birdman and The Grand Budapest Hotel, Interstellar was almost basic with its more depressing moments. Yet the extravagant, futuristic movie was amazing in more ways than one.In the movie interstellar, it is jam packed with lots of suspense. It is a space thriller that really gets your mind thinking. Matthew McConaughey who plays Cooper is set on a mission to save the world. He does a really nice job of portraying a dad who cares about not only his kids but the rest of humanity. Also Matthew really made you believe the part he was playing. Throughout the movie there were many scenes were lots of emotion started to be shown and it made it really real for all of the people viewing the movie. You almost felt as if you were there and that you were going through everything that he was going through. Anne Hathaway played Brand, which she was another astronaut chosen to go on the expedition to save the world. She also did an outstanding job in this movie. When you watched her character go through all the trials she had to face you could see the courage she had to keep going even when anyone would think she would stop. As for the costumes I feel that they did a very good job. The space suits really looked like you could actually wear it in space, and as for the people at NASA they made them look very business forward with the neutral colors and like they were very professional. The sets in the movie were also really well designed. I thought the house that Cooper lived in was a very accurate description of what he would live in if his character was actually a real person. Also I really liked how the director went into so many different directions in the film. You never knew what was going to happen next and just when you thought the movie was over, something even more thrilling happened. Overall this is an amazing movie, not only for SYFY lovers, but for anyone and is definitely worth seeing.Don't go gentle to that night. To be quite honest but not entirely honest, this was a very well thought-invoking movie. It isn't entirely understandable because space and time is infinite, but what I can get through my mind is that gravity can go through a lot of things apparently. Now of course, there are explosions which are Michael Bay approved; however, I don't enjoy a lot of buttons in the spaceship sets. There is so much to go wrong with those buttons. The scenery is a nice touch with background music. It really made me felt like I was there. I felt I was in Interstellar, but maybe I am dreaming it too much. There isn't a clear bad guy, but the objective of the story is that they are trying to survive the dying Earth and perhaps find a habitable planet to thrive on. The acting was good, but I wasn't getting much from their faces. It is probably because they were confused as much as I was while watching this movie. There will be a couple of answers with many questions. I feel like this is could be a book, and the movie is showing what is happening in the book. There are quite a few conjunctions in this review, but you will be like "and... or but..." It is a cliffhanger on what actually happened. For any case, I highly recommend this to all people who love to think and who like space stuff in general, but don't go gentle to that night.I really loved this movie and plan to get it on Blu-ray. Interstellar is a beautiful movie with a deeper meaning on the power of love. A true love story for any thinking couple. it doesn't hurt that it brings to mind images from 2001:A Space Odyssey.Despite it's narrative flaws and at often times incoherent plot-line direction, Nolan's latest cinema triumph Interstellar, in benevolent reference to Kubrick's 2001, displays incredible prowess and mastery of cinematography, visual effects and sound. Strong lead performances from McConaughey, Hathaway and Chastain lay a solid foundation for a journey one could liken to an Homeric epic.This movie starts out with a farmer named Cooper and his two kids; Murph and Tom, along with the grandpa who lives with them. The world is seizing to produce food and 80% of the air is nitrogen. Cooper is a pilot and an engineer who used to work for NASA. He takes off on a mission with three other people from NASA to find another planet that can sustain life. Before he leaves his daughter notices books falling out of the shelves in her room. She realizes that in Morse code it says "stay". And her watch ticks back and forth also in ways like Morse code. Even though Murph wants her Dad to stay; he leaves anyway in hope to save her and the rest of the population on earth. He and his crew go through a black hole to get to get to their first planet. They use hibernation machines so they can last much longer to get through their journey. The first planet they land on is nothing but water and they lose a crew member by a giant wave. The second planet they land on they discover a ship and a crew member from the previous mission before they were sent up. They revive him from the hibernation machine because he never set a wakeup time. The relativity in time is so great that Cooper wants to get back to earth before his kids die. The crew member from the previous mission wants to continue the search for a new planet so he tries to kill Cooper for it. He cracks Cooper's helmet and flies up to the main ship as Cooper is suffocating. Cooper's crew rescues him and the other man died from trying to dock onto the main ship which was still pressurized. They also lost another man from that planet that got killed in the old ship which exploded. With only two people left, Cooper and the other crew member along with their robot continue to a giant wormhole called gargantua. Using all their power to get though it Cooper releases Brand who is the other crew member from the main ship. While going through the wormhole Cooper has to eject from the ship because it was getting torn up by a bunch of flying objects. As he's flying through the wormhole in his seat he comes to the 4th dimension which shows his daughter's room in every direction. While looking through her book shelf back into time he pushes the books out to spell "stay" just like before because he didn't want his old self to go. And he put all the rest of the quantum data to get to another planet into Murph's watch by making it tick back and forth in as in Morse code. As Murph figures it all out, Cooper wakes up on the ring of Saturn with people from earth. He visits Murph who is now an old woman even though he never aged. After that he takes a ship and takes off on a journey to find Brand, his crew member again who has built camp on another planet.This is about a man named Joseph Cooper who is an Engineer and finds his way into helping NASA restore the future of the human race. The food is beginning to get scarce and the weathers climate is changing into extreme conditions. Coopers daughter figures everything out before he leaves and tries to tell him the answer. Cooper didn't listen because he thought she was just making stuff up and overthinking. So as a result, Cooper left his two children to save the fate of Earth. I disliked his choice of leaving his children because, they don't have a mom anymore, and the only choice is the grandfather, who was really old and would die soon. I didn't like a lot of the special effects because some seemed unrealistic and pretty sketchy. The costumes for the movie seemed pretty average. The spacesuits looked legit, and everyone else dressed like a normal person does. The movies pace was a little weird. Was slow then fast and slow again. The angles were really good. They knew the way to angle everything, zoom in, and capture detail. The style of the movie was brilliant. The theme I got out of this movie was to trust. If Joseph was to trust his daughter, he wouldn't have to go through all the drama and scares he was inTracy Simsick The film Interstellar is the perfect match between action, drama and Sci-Fi. With this world getting overpopulated and majorly polluted, this movie brings out what is one of humanity's ultimate goals, deep space exploration, and this allows for a sneak peak of how it might be. The set allows for your imagination to take over and think of what The Universe is past just our own planet. While this might bring a tear to you eye, there is always a bit of hope that follows Mathew Mcconaughey through his major journey through this Universe. The special effects are one of the main attributes that bring this film to be as good as it is. It shows action, but never like seen before. With showing some major video effects, it will make you feel like you aren't just in a chair watching it; it makes you feel like you are in the space station with them. The scenery of this film is outstanding! The scenes of earth spark emotion of doom. Now with the Earth being portrayed like this, it makes you feel like exploring deep space is the only option. What mysteries live beyond the barriers of our own planet? Should we even attempt to go out this far? What are some of the dangers involved in this? Interstellar touches every one of these question and will leave you with the perfect answer. With an ending that will warp your mind like never before, and leave you wondering how this could ever happen, and maybe even bringing a tear to your eye, but leaving you astounded by what the potential that man has. Christopher Nolan deserves at least a 4 star rating on this due to the special effects and emotion sparked by this along with possibly one of the greatest conclusions of any film I have personally ever seen.After watching Interstellar, it leaves you in so many different questions. It's a movie that makes you think and question about what you've watched. Allowing you, the viewer, to have the experience to create the ending yourself. This allows for the ending to not go wrong in a direction that you wouldn't be happy with. Interstellar was a movie that had meaning and went beyond just telling a story is what made it interesting to watch. Matthew McConaughey did a splendid job on his role being able to be dramatic at times and then also have humor in him as well. The movie overall was brilliant, with awesome special effects and soundtracks. Throughout the whole movie, the music they chose for the movie made the experience amazing. The music allowed for you to be in their shoes and you would be on the edge of your seat and it could switch to a very dramatic scene. The music also created very intense moments like for an example when Murph's brother was coming back in the car the music made that moment feel extremely intense. The storyline of the movie was also great; good plot twists are always good for the movie. I personally love movies that involve space, and just waiting to see what they find on the other planets was an experience I was having with the actors. The only flaw in this movie I would say would be the dialogue. During some parts of the movie you couldn't understand what they were saying, for an example when Professor Brand was dying it was hard to understand him. Lastly, the ending wasn't as great as I expected to be. It didn't have a strong emotional punch, because it ended a little bit too abruptly. Overall, the movie was great and it would be a movie that I could watch a second time.Matthew McConaughey and his co-stars do a terrific job in acting out a well-directed movie about space and saving Earth called "Interstellar." The movie is about a character named Copper, played by McConaughey, who tries to save the Earth because in the near future Earth has been devastated by drought causing a limit on food and extreme change in climate. This well directed movie has great audio and music, with every scene the suspenseful music does a great job of making you question and leave you on the edge of your seat. Not only is the music a major part of making the movie so good, but also the audio, the background noise makes you feel like you are a part of the movie and puts you in the mood of the scene, whether that is suspenseful, sad , or happy. The camera movement was also very well done, every scene in space was slow moving and peaceful just like the way we all imagine space to be like. When things got suspenseful everything became fast pace and very intense, the camera movement, the audio, and everything else. The movie also has very well done effects in space and puts you in the movie making you feel like you are there with McConaughey. Not only is "interstellar" an intense movie is also mind-blowing and makes you question what's going on. The movie was very good with foreshadowing and flashbacks, towards the end, Cooper realizes he is still a part of his family's life and helps his daughter save the earth using morass code. The movie is well put together and insanely mind blowing, and I recommend it to anyone who likes suspenseful and thrilling movies. Morgan BrintonThis movie Interstellar is a great movie for anyone who loves action. In this movie, the main character, Copper goes to space in need to save people on Earth. Copper has to make an attempted to make peace on Earth, but with his two kids wanting him to stay, is he willing to go or stay home? Action is a huge plus because after the movie is over, you want to watch the movie over and over again. Along with action, Interstellar had a lot of really intense scenes in it. Intense scenes like when Copper was seeing the fifth demotion. This movie really made you think about things twice. It made you think about what was happening or what was going to happen next. Without any good costumes a movie isn't good. Interstellar had a lot of great costumes and sets. Finally, the background music in this movie was good. I felt like the music had the audience leading up to something big in the movie. I personally liked this movie a lot and I recommend it to everyone.This is simply a brain-melting masterpiece of a movie that will have you clinging to your seats and wanting a sequel. It mashes science fiction with action and creates a beautifully fun and enveloping plot. The cinematography itself will leave you breathless. This film makes you want to donate to NASA it's so powerful. Matthew Mcconaughey's performance was astounding. The movie has an emphasis on time and family, and shows how important they are. Some scenes may make some grown men cry they're so moving. You are constantly suspended by not only the story, but even something as basic as the music. The sound alone would give you a feeling of how vast and empty space is and how small you are. This is not the kind of movie you bring your would-be girlfriend to watch so you can have something to listen to during your hour long make out session. It requires your full attention to comprehend the material and information Nolan is giving you. You come out of this movie feeling like you have a minor in astrophysics. You may start out watching this movie with the thought that it may be like Alien, or its three sequels. Should you be of that mindset you are extremely mistaken. Interstellar discusses mind boggling matters such as space time, worm holes, black holes, time travel, and the fifth dimension, all while maintaining an excellent story. This Hollywood masterpiece was truly stellar.Interstellar is a movie starring Matthew McConaughey, Jessica Chastain, David Gyasi, Anna Hathaway and many more cast. Cooper is a retired astronaut for NASA. Murph and Cooper stumble on a NASA secret base that wasn't found in many years. Cooper is the best pilot NASA has ever had before. They told him about a wormhole, and wanted him to pilot the ship to another dimension to find a plant that human life can survive on. The crew of 4 that never left the simulator was on their way to another dimension with Cooper. The crew reached the wormhole in 18 months in the spaceship with long sleep shifts. Cooper and crew of 4 were visiting planets that people already arrived at months or years earlier. Millers planet was full of all water and when they were there, huge waves were coming and the person who was there before died do to the waves. One of the crew member died during the search for life on the planet. Crew members die all throughout the video.Christopher Nolan's science fiction epic Interstellar, is as beautiful as it is frustrating. Hans Zimmer's soundtrack reminds one of Philip Glass's soundtrack for Godfrey Reggio's Koyaanisqatsi (1982), what with the organ-laden music. Digressing from the soundtrack, screenplay and cinematography are another strong suit of the film, with subjects front and center, communicating their significance to the audience. Even Nolan's action films use slow and steady shots to ease the pace of the film, to give the film a sadder and mysterious feel. Costume and dress was also great. The space suit designs that the scientist wear seem at least semi-practical. Now that brings up my next point: plot and dialogue. Nolan has a reputation for trying to take non-serious concepts and trying to give a more sober depiction of it. The dialogue is extremely irksome to listen to, mostly because what they say is extremely stupid and cliché. You wonder how the actors took themselves seriously. The storyline makes you wonder. Wonder how such awful dialogue and forced character progression was even tolerated for an expensive film. Mackenzie Foy's performance of the younger Murphy was plain awful, and I had no sympathy for her whatsoever. Jessica Chastain's performance was disappointing, the same women who did an amazing performance as Maya in Zero Dark Thirty - but who can blame her? The dialogue was so vapid that I found it wonderfully amazing that Matthew McConaughey was able to be convincing at all. But then again, ever since he came back from hiatus, his role in True Detectives has established him as a respected actor. The movie was average. Although the doltish storyline and dialogue was painful, the film was a feast for the eyes, and Hans Zimmer's soundtrack made it a reward for the ears as well.This was an interesting movie. I think the theme of the movie was not to save yourself but save others. After the character cooper leaves earth for the mission he was just focused on getting information from these planets and getting back home to his children. In the movie there was a lot of dialogue and it the story make a little more sense. Every time someone was talking or trying to make a point the camera would zoom in making what he or she says stand out. The costumes and sets in the beginning you could tell it was the future because of some of the technology, but you could also tell they were going through rough times. The lighting throughout the movie was pretty dark, sometimes hard to see but it fit the setting well. There were tons of effects especially when they were in space. The effects made the movie really interesting to watch. I think the directors style is to make a movie that will make someone think about the story.Interstellar The green screening and special effects were mind blowing in this movie. There were explosions, different planets, and space scenery that truly took your breath away. The effects were so good that it made you feel like you were there with them. This movie is diffidently for adventure movie lovers. Although the movie was very confusing at times, you have to watch the whole movie in order to understand what was happening. This movie is for entertainment purposes and doesn't have any underlying messages that make you look for a deeper meaning. It isn't necessarily an easy watch because you need to pay attention and make sure your understanding what is happening because if you miss anything it can be very hard to understand it at the end of the movie. The dialogues were very good but at times it was hard to understand what the characters were saying. There is a lot of scientific space terminology referred to which is hard to know what they are talking about if you don't understand space terms. During the movie there will probably be a lot of questions that come to your mind, but most of them are answered as you watch throughout the movie which makes the screen play very decent. The pace of the movie was very fast and sometimes almost too fast to really understand what was going on. The camera angles were okay because there were diffidently times where I had no clue what I was looking at and almost had to turn my head to understand the picture. Something that was hard to comprehend was that the movie was supposed to be in the future, but the house and the electronics didn't have that future feel. It wasn't till the end of the movie that really felt like the future. Speaking of the end of the movie it was okay. It diffidently left you hanging and hoping that there is a sequel to clear things up.This movie was absolutely phenomenal. This movie had so many twists and turns that kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time. Every time you thought that something was going to happen the complete opposite of what you expected would happen. At the beginning of the movie it is a little confusing as to how everything is going to play out. The part about the ghost behind the bookshelf in the beginning of the movie confused me a little bit as to why there was a ghost behind the bookshelf and why that played such a big part of the movie. As you watch more and more of the movie you continue to build up questions in your head as to what is happening and how this does have any meaning to the rest of the movie but in the end all questions were answered. Anything that I was confused about the entire movie was clarified in the end of the movie and the director really did a great job to pull everything together and make one of the absolute greatest movies that I have ever seen. In the beginning of the movie you will be confused in a couple ways and as to what the ghost represents and why the ghost uses gravity to lead them but in the end of the movie you just get blasted with information and you will have no idea what to think. Great movie, left me speechless, must see. Chris Murphyok so mind officially blown only as Nolan can. It drew in all the 'kids film', 'picture for t.v' appealing to your prepare to be educated. Threw in some 'allow to throw out factoids as strong as foundations as we know them and presto ...enlightenment of an unreal concept. Loads and loads of theoretical data on the humanity concepts of pioneering and also of the state of the planet/ways of the people as only econ-propoganda can drive, to keep those multitasking minds up to speed. Really is quite inspiring in a sci-fi way, as touches on reality so much as is allowed anyway, i guess. Lacked only a real heap of cast support but hey, solidarity, minimalism. "Gravity" only had less cast than we have fingers and they won an oscar. i think this was that good and much better It answered more questions than posed striving with conclusions to a means to an END.From the Director of Inception, The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises is another long movie. That works because it is mostly about a man with a family going out on a long space adventure. It's been on so many levels but the ending was sad. Score: 7.5/10the ending is too complicatedWith RT picking Boyhood for best picture this year, it is a duty for me to sell this picture to everyone else. Christopher Nolan has combined so many elements from history's greatest storytellers and puts it in every picture he does. Without all the science, Interstellar is still a story we can identify with. Matthew McConaughey shows once again how he is a good actor, the last one being A Time to Kill. I can see Nolan's homage to Stanley Kubrick in this film but unlike Stanley's characters, each one is played with depth and emotion, something that cannot be said of Stanley's direction of actors. Nolan should be praised for not cow-towing to the Hollywood regurgitation machine and coming up with unique and deep concepts with excellent photography and compelling storytelling.Man flys through a wormhole in space to save humanityAwesome Movie! Must seeGreat movie with unexpected twists!Jaysus what a load of bollocks. Its a chick flick pretending to be a sci fi and it makes fuck all sense. 3hrs of that. I wish I could time travel so I could go back and warn my former self not to watch it.One of the most underrated movies of 2014; even with 75% on the tomatometer, this movie will find its place in historyThis is just a MASTERPIECE.A deeply flawed movie but an incomparable cinematic experience. Dr. Man is brilliant. Nolan really should avoid the theme of love, but focus on portraying human weakness and evil.A spectacular, epic, cosmic journey that really pushes the limits of special effects. A bit hard to really grasp but the work that must have went into it is incredible. Definitely worth watching.Great action makes your mind possible the limitless of space and that a human potential and our own imaginationGood story but way too longAmazing. Just like Gravity (2013), this sci-fi movie actually takes real life space and time physics and applies them to how the storyline will be affected, rather than most space movies that make air planes fly in space and stuff; other than that, Interstellar has a long but nail-biting plot and many suspenseful and dramatic moments that you'll love. The acting is so amazing, you can actually feel yourself crying, laughing, struggling, and/or contemplating with the characters.Just a little too long.A good movie, but it could have been reduced by about 30 minutes by removing the deafening sound effect scenes, ie the prolonged view of the rocket boosters taking off. There was some story line that was left to be desired and I feel in place we were given rocket boosters with booming sound. Reined in the scripted parts and lengthened the unsubstantial.gerçekten ?u ana kadar izledi?im en iyi filmlerden biri buydu, merak?mda olan gerçekten gerçe?e yakla?t??? takdirde ne kadar güzel ya da korkunç görünebilece?ini merak etti?im bilimsel olaylar?n ekrana yans?m?? hali ancak böyle olabilirdi. ke?ke ingilizce yazabilsem ve biraz daha yard?mc? olabilse yorumum, 2001: a space odyssey'in ikinci filmi neredeyse, karadeli?e girilince olay biter ve kütlesel anlamad???m zamazingolar yüzünden parçalan?r diye dü?ündüm adam, ama senaristin benden zeki oldu?u a?ikar, ancak bu kadar iyi kurgulanabilirdi, puan?n 9,5 olmamas? çok ac?, gerçekten anlamayan, anlamak istemeyen çöp tenekesi insanlar?n baltalamas? sonucu böyle bir ?aheserin devam?na te?vik yeterince sa?lanm?yor, ke?ke zaman?m varken sinemada izleseydim, YGS ile kafay? parçalad?m san?r?m. neyse tam olarak 10!Good watch but requires a bit of patience at the start of the movie.Just wow. I'm dumbfounded. This was a great movie.So long and dry that I actually felt like I was experiencing relativity from looking 3 hours of my life. That said, this is a visually pleasing movie with a touching end. best watched at home in small doses.Christopher Nolan's Interstellar makes space exploration suspenseful once again, due in part to a strong cast.Once again, Christopher Nolan shows his genius by making the impossible seem believable, maintaining the intensity and seriousness all along. Excellent cast and another masterful Zimmer soundtrack.It was good, inspiring, clever but damn too long for me..Despite of Matthew quite a remarkable movieBeautiful movie, but it lost me after love transcended dimensions. The lack of logic from the astronauts was aggravating.A very ambitious movie that relied very heavily on scientific accuracy, but hit a few hard bumps along the way in the narrative. Very strong leads in McConaughey, Hathaway, & Chastain who did very well with the thin dialogue they were given at times. I was very surprised McConaughey did not receive a GG or Oscar nod for his role here.A film that kept me thinking for weeks. A blockbuster that treats you like an adult that needs to be seen on the biggest screen possible.The science was a little hard to follow at times but this movie sure entertained in spite of this. The cast is stellar ( pardon the pun), and the special effects were literally & figuratively out of this world. A must see film.Dafuq did I just watch?Personally, one of my top 2 favorite Nolan films of all time. It is simply epic and grand-scale. But whenever you base a story on the concept of love you are going to get haters. To me, this film was an experience; it took me on an exhilarating journey. And that is what I go to the movies in hope of.Didn't really understand the story until I read wikipedia after. Interesting concept, reminds me a bit of inception. Its quite a good film but a tad too long to keep me interested. Fell asleep several times so had to rewind. I can't bear Mathew McConaughy, dont think much of his acting skills at all. In this he does this really annoying whispery voice. Had to strain to listen. Lame ending.Started of interesting and entertaining. At some point the produces/director must have dropped some acid or somethingcool ideas, cinematography was frustrating at times....you guys even know what a dust bowl looks like?Nolan reaches a little too far in this film. It's pretentions become pretentious.i'm a geek, what can I say?Best Movie of all time. That is all.Interstellar had a lot of unanswered question, never or less it had a point. If we do not act soon we will be choked, starved and killed on planet Earth. Earth do not need us, we need Earth. Earth is not our home, we are guests. We have ruined Earth and we should treat our host better than we do. If we take over a new planet we might ruin that one too. Why not save this one? Why start all over? Let's all help each other to save our host planet.The facts and circumstances are nothing new; Discovery Channel and Nat Geo have special episodes on these things. But how Nolan humanized it and made it real was what made the film incredible. In the end, it was a father-daughter film right smack in the middle of time and space, and McConaughey was 'Gargantua' - the massive black hole everything in the film gravitated to.Depressing and hard to follow at times.Another great work from Nolan.A great insight into human nature on a stage greater then the mind can conceive. some loose ends in the plot weaken the overall visual and technological accomplishments, and the heart that lies somewhere in between.Top Gun meets Kubrick's 2001, then Rod Serling offers them both a cigarette.Mixed fillings, a lot of philosophical views, visual effects and theoretical physics. Humanity is once more saved from those who have faith in it.Not an easy film to review. As expected, the visuals and production design are top notch. Fantastic soundtrack. The ideas presented are fascinating and the performances were fine. Unfortunately it descends into hoakyness, especially towards the end. But, again, Christopher Nolan has big ideas and is swinging for the fences and I admire that. In an age when most "blockbusters" are regurgitated concepts, sequels, prequels, remakes, graphic novels, at least he is trying to do something different. Also, as with most Nolan movies, its very cold, with the human element never fully connecting for me. Special mention for T.A.R.S and C.A.S.E, one of the most original and non marketable designs for robot sidekicks ever.I wasn't for sure what I was getting myself into when I bought this movie ticket. Usually I love fantasies, but supposedly this movie had been heavily researched by physicist's to make it more authentic. I was mildly surprised at how mind blowing this movie was. Nothing like I've ever seen before, and now with all the re-makes and the sequels, prequels, 2, 3, & 4's I am happy to see something new and fresh. My emotions were up and down the whole time and I absolutely loved it. At one point I wanted to get up and punch Anne Hatheway's character in the face....but this end of the world scenario that could actually happen is a bit frightening. The only thing I disliked was the time travel thing at the end. It was all just a bit odd, but I still loved the movie. Go watch this movie! Be prepared and keep your mind open. It will be mildly blown.i really loved this movieLoved it all, even though the ending was a bit of a sell-out.This is actually my favorite movie of all time. The soundtrack is just incredible! Props for Hans ZimmerThis movie had its flaws, but was pretty solid in terms of storyline and visuals. Really beautiful depiction of space, and with relatively little to no CGI from what I understand.Hopeless movie. If I had to slap three labels on this bit of coal, I would probably give it this one: BORING. and this one: TRY-HARD. And just so it has a tidy trio of labels I'd also throw in a: SICKENING. I shouldn't waste any more time on a movie I hate. Thanks for listening. And remember folks, my opinion is just an opinion, but it is also an informed opinion and I'm right.insane!!! Has to be one of the best movies!!! love it!!! makes me want to work for nasa now!!!Nolan finally does something right. Great movie.It was very interesting, but I was disappointed by the ending.A quiet movie that keep yu on the edge of yur seatEhhh cliched but overall goodThe beginning was soooo slow I couldn't get into it...Fascinating and thoughtful story with incredible special effects... and great acting, even by Anne Hathaway whose scientific portrayal was actually believable!It was a great film.Great film with a unique storyline and excellent cast! long but keeps you interested throughout.The story, and especially the last third, is hard to understand and will make you rethink your perception of the world and research for hours. I didn't like the way the ending was open, but that's a minor nitpick for an overall awesome movie.A journey through space like no other. The sound and special effects were INCREDIBLE. One of the most enjoyable movies of 2014.The main Idea is very cool, the mechanics of the movie are exellent and Nolan's mark is easily recognizable. However, some parts of the plot didn't convince me or left me with a strange feeling.By far the most breathtaking film of the last decade. All-star performances coupled with relevant socio-economic themes can generate quite an impact.Not bad. I especially liked the ending.Besides certain bad sideplots, this film should of had the hype that (a lesser film) Gravity got.Its a good movie, but at the end you feel like you missed things. I think this is one better to watch at home with no distractions.Not his best movie, but still better than most other directors. Tries too hard to be 2001.Amazing film. Well done.One of the best movies I've ever seen in it's genre. Combines the ideas left untold from Contact, blends the visuals and sensations of Space Odyssey, those amazing scores that evoke so much emotion and then to come full circle to a soft landing leaving so much hope left for humanity. Way to go Nolan, way to go.Super depressing. Abjectly terrifying. Unsympathetic characters. Terrible premise. Several good ideas that sadly never came together.Theoretical physics simulation.Ambitious film, great soundtrack, shoddy writing but a fun time nonetheless.Most thought provoking film of our generation! A daring work of science and art! The outcome is going to inspire people to push the envelope that much further, Scientist and filmmakers!Oh. My. God. A few of the scenes in this movie were so powerful that I still cringe a little when something reminds me of them. I thought most of this movie was logical and realistically portrayed, and I appreciated the scientific explanations. The human emotions felt very real, maybe a little over dramatic, but in a world where humans know Earth is dying I suppose a little extra drama is to be expected. It left me wanting to know more and praying for a sequel.I like the story line and it cannot be compared to Gravity as this story line was way better. Good movie.Lots of computer graphics but dull story line. Acting is way overated, mediocre at best.Was a very good and interesting movie!Its hard to find a doomsday movie I like; The Postman, Waterworld, Deep Impact, Book of Eli etc. These movies always have a bad bias from me to begin with because I find the gloom hard to overlook. Add paradoxes its a no-go for me As far as execution of the movie from a cinematic point of view, and the how the story is told, that was ok, but moved a bit too fast (even for a 2 hr 50 min movie).The People will come to understand in a matter of few year, that how great a cinematic experience it is!One of my favorite releases this year. Kind of reminds me of Contact.Very long but was goodgood visuals but very poor in story!We need more directors like Nolan who take huge risks and try to engage the audience with deep, thoughtful material. That alone should be enough of a reason to give Interstellar a chance. Sure, the plot is flimsy at times but its a visual spectacle that you sure won't forget anytime soon.climax is amazing !!!!Great acting, gorgeous scenes, awesome brain-teaser. Christopher Nolan is one of my favorites.Entertaining-ish. Very long. Unbearable soundtrack. Way over-hyped.Disappointing in the plot and accuracy of the science.Sci-fi que recuerda titulos como Odisea en el espacio, esta vez Nolan fracasa con un argumento engorroso y muy pretencioso.An excellent movie with hidden main stream actors. I love this movie.Damn this is a great movieMy favorite movie that I saw this year!!!! Loved everything about this movie. The acting was great, the story was fascinating and the visual effects were amazing!! more science movies with great female characters please!!An amazing film from start to end, the visual effects serve as a compliment to the great performances by Hathaway and McConaughey . Nolan did an absolutely amazing job at putting this masterpiece together.It's not Nolan's best work and the pacing is bad at the beginning, but it's still a satisfying and accurate space epicThis is certainly Nolan's Odyssey trying to achieve the same set of movies, as his inspirational figure - Stanley Kubrkick - did. And there are no surprises that he manages on doing that, also bringing a tribute to the legendary director. Interstellar is a space exploration movie - but that's not enough to describe it. The plot gravitates around a strong and dramatic family theme, but also spiced up with Nolan's progressive, plausible and intellectual take on Hollywood audiences. The static cinematography is another Kubrick trademark, which is associated with the "one point perspective", and also associated with the art house movie style, which Nolan has always been fond of. I consider Interstellar a movie that can't be put in conventional categories, but it can certainly be classified as a masterpiece. Even so, this is a one way movie - you either love it, or you hate it.Yes, yes. Visually resplendant and all that. Nolan has a powerful mind in developing an idea and using movie magic to envision it. But jesus, could you be less complicated? I mean I know I don't possess a fountain of knowledge (I'm pretty average in fact) but I got the feeling whilst watching this that the science wasn't really adding up. In my opinion, the lack of clarity presented in the narrative by the Nolan brothers makes them come across as pretentious and silly, quite frankly. Granted, there was much more capability presented in the warped stories of Inception and Memento but for pete's sake, a fifth dimension that puts you back in time, at the back of a bookcase in your daughter's room? 2 and a half hours for this?! It had its prior good moments, having said this but I've said it before and I'll say it again: Anne Hathaway is an awful actress.slow, poor story line and ending not so good.Great movie one of my favs of the yearAll i can say about this movie is WoW!!! Truly a masterpiece, Christopher Nolan is a genius... And i thought inception was good this one interstellar is truley amazing...An amazing film witch is inspirationalInteresting, entertaining, and a bit out there from reality. Matt mc conaugh was awesome!i'm super impressed with this film -- i was expecting some Gravity-type drama slowness... and maybe it was for a little bit; but then something happened and it kinda changed my mind about the entire movie and i thought "hmmm... so what's happening??" hahaha. i really liked it. it wasn't what i thought it was.The movie is overrated. It was fine, but bear the end It started to lose it's reality.Grandiose in all aspects, Interstellar reaffirms Nolan's ability to bring impressive visuals and existential questions together in an entertaining combination... but often not so successfully. Also, I do understand the reason to explain some of the actions but it finally ends so complicated and over-long for no apparent reason. I loved Hathaway and Chastain in their roles, McConaughey is also quite convincing. Great soundtrack among other high production and art direction qualities.I was intrigued by the premise but the movie was less than stellar.This movie was pretty good. It was made even better when I found out they didn't use green screens! WOW!Wow. I have nothing else to say.best sci fi movie ever, and what a soundtrackI personally loved it. It did some really cool stuff with space/time theories and really pulled at your emotions at times.The kind of fim that is so self-important that it becomes unbearable.Interstellar was a fantastically enjoyable night at the theater. Once again Christopher Nolan tells an amazing story as only he can. I was exhausted when I left the theater. Not from being tired of the movie, but from going through such an array of emotions. I was on the edge of my seat for at least the last hour of the show. I fully intend to see this one multiple times.I LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS MOVIE!Nolan is a easily one of the best filmmakers of the 21st century and his movies are always amazing. However this one was my least favorite mostly because of the end third act which leaves reality completely behind. I'm sure M. Night (Sixth Sense) loved this one but for me, my least favorite Nolan Film. That being said its incredibly well made, well acting, well shot. A+ for filmmaking, C- for story.Very pedandic on the whole space-time existentialism thing, but it could have been worse. I could've sat through a similar three-hour lecture, but from a pretentious high school english teacher...Para todos los gustos, lo cual es bueno y malo, profundiza muy poco en un tema especifico lo que la hace mediocre, aun asi, es una mega produccion lograda en un 100%Christopher Nolan should be ashame of this bad movie. It tries to be a sci-fi with a very well founded base on science, what makes it less appeal to the fantasy aspect, what isn't a bad thing itself, the problem resides that a person with a small knowledge of physics will perceive that it contains too many errors to bear. So, it fails in two aspects that it could as it intends to be a intelectual movie and is, in reality, a mediocre one.Christopher Nolan actually botched Interstellar - such amazing potential - but alas, not the masterpiece he strived for. it's what happens when you try too hard (and overcook the souflett). 3 stars for the photography and beautiful visuals.Take a bit and really focus. You won't want to miss a single second. Awesome movie, might see it twice.To describe it - Contact Vs 2001 Vs Gravity with some class CGIexcellent movie if your into sifi with detail to scientific accuracy Neil degrass Tyson gives it his approvalUtter garbage. As ever, Nolan struggles with showing any form of human interaction or emotion. It's ham fisted tripe all the way yet again!! This movie is like fan fiction cooked up by a 17 year old shut-in who lives in his parents basement. If you're actually paying attention to the "science" aspect of the film you'll be sorely disappointed by about half way in when this monstrosity of a movie starts to haemorrhage and poop all over itself. Also, the main astronaut characters seem to be just about the most stupid people they could ever have sent on the mission. How do you know if this film is for you? Well, if you can switch off most of your brain leaving just enough cells firing to be able to take in the picture and shut off all cognitive reasoning you might like this (or if you're one of the many Nolan apologists you'll think anything he does is the best thing ever anyway, despite the MANY flaws). The sound design in this is a disaster too. Apparently Nolan has no clue what pacing is either, this has been an ongoing issue with him and this movie sets an all new low. Some of the visuals look great but that's just about the only saving grace of this absolute MESS.Just a great film all around. A bit long but necessary. loved the science behind it! A thinking mans movie for sure.An exploration into humanity's fears, aspirations, and frailties within a sci-fi backdrop. The solid acting performances, well scripted dialogue, and plot development keeps you invested. Unlike Nolan's previous intellectual thriller Inception, Interstellar has a few holes in its plot that fails to provide a beautiful cerebral loop. However, the majestic vision and application of science and imagination is a wonderful ride to take.Interstellar is over rated. Astronauts are not trained to react like this soap opera cast of emotional characters. This film is about women being abandoned by their fathers and male lovers. The rest is filler without any mystery. How sad and sexist.I liked it... very interestingGood movie, scary parts but way to long....This movie was good in so many ways. Somehow, Nolan gives you something fantastical but makes it more real than real life. There was some serious emotional distress going on in Row D, Seat 6 of the IMAX. I always disliked Clooney's suave composure in "Gravity." But McConaughey's face showed uncertainty and pain that had a heartbreaking humanity in it. (As well as maintaining the classic McConaughey sweaty gleam throughout the whole film)(Hyperhidrosis?) I loved the gritty retro-futurism of the set; so glad that we've moved past stainless steel and cold white colour schemes. Cinematography was just crisp. The practical visual effects and film grain gave everything such an organic feel. Hans Zimmer's soundtrack felt aloof but very alive. Why is this not Oscar nominated? There's just so much to like about this movie. Nolan for president.Beautiful, fascinating and undeniably slightly flawed. Interstellar is a sprawlingly complex sci-fi and a intricate look of the psychology and importance of mankid following the vein of 2001Fantastic movie, for science behind the cinema read "The Science of Interstellar" by Kip Thorne.Overrated. Yes it had fantastic effects and brilliant performances but it was just another space adventure. Kudos, nonetheless, for trying to go beyond the usual recipe and show that interstellar travel can be possible.Though it's definitely not Christopher Nolan's best work that suffers from some slight story missteps and a near 3 hour runtime, Interstellar provides everything you would expect from a Nolan film; thought-provoking themes, a healthy dose of visual splendor, a smarter-than-your-average script, and great performances throughout the devoted star-studded cast.An exhausting, frustrating and incredibly confusing narrative is exactly what I expected. It's far-fetched, hoaky and sometimes very unbelievable. The reason for that is that it's about going into another fucking dimension to find another planet. With a project as ambitious and layered as this, I'll take it along with the genuinely delivered emotion from well-established actors and the stunning, barrier-breaking technical aspects that it seems only Christopher Nolan can bring to the table.A quite divisive film, I must say I fall into the camp that this is a flawed masterpiece. Incredibly ambitious but alongside the stellar visuals and intriguing science (listen to Neil Degrasse Tyson on the film) there is enough heart thanks to the brilliant cast to suck you in (no pun intended).Was worth seeing in the theaters.Need to watch it again though..The movie sports some good entertainment, but at times it dies out. I almost took a nap a couple times. It's ridiculous while spectacular at the same time. If you were trapped in another dimension, what are the odds you've be behind your daughters book case?Too many plot holes but loved the story, characters and basic syfy of it all.I disliked Interstellar so much that I could not bear to watch more than an hour and left the theater, making arrangements to go and pick my movie-going BFF of 20+ years later. Christopher Nolan keeps getting bigger budgets but has increasingly less to say. Nothing he has done since Memento has lived up to the promise of that film. Enough said.yeah lets crap on a science fiction fantasy movie for not being entirely correct with black hole/ wormhole physics. That makes sence yeahA really bold idea that could have done with being a couple of hours longer. The story felt disjointed and the science wasn't given enough time to make sense. But it looked and sounded lovely and was gripping, just a shame they didn't take 5 hours to tell the story.Damn good movie. The story is about a parents love for their children and nothing that a patent wouldn't do for them. I balled my eyes out in the end.Enjoyable movie to watch. Lengthy but keeps your interest. One of the most unfathomable ending.it was a very long movie, but i was entertained through it all. All of the emotion and shockingness that go into this movie is just wonderful! You will be very suprised in many parts of this movie and will be touched at the end.totally back on board the Nolan ride after the last mediocre batman. the matt damon cameo didn't feel awkward here (che?). nobody gave a weak performance. well impressed with matthew mconaughey and mackenzie foy.interesting, visually amazing, decent story, decent acting, but it is not Nolans best worksGreat movie, sucky ending....Doesn't do enough to make a lasting impression. Incredibly dull in some parts.Any movie that says love transcends space and time is OK by me. Particularly when it is done in such a manner. A little bit dry in parts but captivating throughout. Christopher Nolan is a giant. He continues to evolve and increase in stature in my eyes.The screenplay could have maybe done with a rewrite - but this is a beautiful, thought-provoking piece of art that can fit perfectly into Nolan's brilliant filmography.Pretty good but hard to grasp at times.This is an exemplary film with a lot of concepts to digest. The criticism this film gets, particularly the science, is unjust. Nolan obtained help from US astrophysicist Professor Kip Thorne. Thorne states: âSome of the science is known to be true, some is an educated guess, and some is speculation.â? I am assuming Thorne's speculation is what most critiques did not like. Don't watch the film tired. You will have to dedicate a large chunk of your morning, afternoon or evening watching this epic.Long and involved, but goodAmazing film. Really makes you think and feel.Feel the same way after watching Interstellar as I do after most of Nolan's flicks. It was pretty good, but I never want to see it again.Oh dear. Inception was so good and tight a film where this is a slow and stupid attempt at proving the ideas in Inception as some sort of science. Let your imagination soar Nolan, don't get bogged down in stupid theories. McConaughey was miscast but then so was everyone else. What was Jason Bourne doing there? Far too much Michael Caine. I had to laugh every time McConaughey whispered some pseudo science to explain the mess this film was throwing out there.This was well done! Good movie....good ð??­Interstellar was literally the best movie I have ever seen. I'm not just saying that. The movie was fiction but it felt so real. Interstellar grabs your attention and holds it til the end. The directors and actors all did a phenomenal job making this epic thrill ride and it was awesome. So awesome that I saw it 4 times in theaters and it got better every time. I also saw it in am omni theater and it was amazing.What a lot of old crap! The plot is full of black holes, I mean WTF? It was truly embarrassing to behold. Other than that it was amazing...looked great! Although the planets looked as Barren as Nolan's imagination.Starts of confusing. what's going on? Later it's still confusing, but it turns more into the complicated direction since it's dealing with some pretty techy stuff. The film reminds me a of "Gravity" at times, but still a very different film. I felt it picked up a thing or two from last years super film. Great moments near the two hour mark, but sadly it dies towards the end. Some fast solutions and big holes. They try to explaine so much, but the fundamental stuff - movie-wise - is not told. Naturally it's still a good, huge film. It's got great sound and imagery - it's a delight to watch it on the big screen. A well known cast. They deliver, but it feels a bit safe. Then again, I guess no one says no to a Nolan-flick. Oh, those ugly box robots - I liked them a lot. Impossible not to draw a Star Wars-referance here, though. 7 out of 10 gallopping tin cans.A modern day sci fi epic. It's not often that the movie's story can match with a scale as massive as this. Interstellar accomplishes this feat.I can't believe so many liked it. Not only was the physics off they had to go into some hippy phenomena at the end that made no sense what so ever.watching this movie made me think about going to the downey Columbia memorial space smhMind boggling. Made me think about how little we understand time as a species.One of the best films I've ever seen.A flawed and ambitious film that won me over with some truly spectacular scenes. Best to see it on a big screen.left me wanting, I expected more to it.The special effects coupled with the soundtrack make the movie spiritual and pleasant to watch. Solid acting performances add to this nice mix. The plot is a bit convoluted and confusing. Inception meets gravity.me encanta esta película, no se como la valoran con 72 por ciento que malNolan is at it again, giving us a terrific story, mind-bending new visuals and great performances by McConaughey and Hathaway. The ending, as in some Nolan films is debatable and odd, but other than that, it gets its point across.Interstellar delivers on everything level. Christopher Nolan's ambitious Interstellar is NOT an action movie, but is more exciting than most action movies. see it in IMAX while it's still in theaters.While flawed in many ways, this was wildly entertaining. Especially in imax.Let's just take off the gloves here. The erroneously-titled "Interstellar" - it's about an INTERGALACTIC mission - is bad science-fiction concocted by those who apparently know very little about science-fiction and even less about science. Every last bit of the technobabble in this flick is drawn straight out of pop-science television series found on the Discovery Network, and that is no compliment. Herein you are bombarded with all of the pop-science cliches (about black holes and gravity waves and wormholes and folded sheets of paper, for examples), as well as incomprehensible twists of logic (such as NASA appointing a has-been engineer/farmer to pilot an intergalactic mission with about 15 minutes' notice). It's utterly silly.Definitely an interesting movie about the desire to survive and the contrast of the human psyche against the vast emptiness of space. Believability is an issue in this movie towards the end, but the story deals with its Deus ex machina decently well. The main draw is the character development since the two groups of cast are split and only able to communicate in one direction. The story was slightly long, drawn out, and over the top, but still worth the view.Aims for the stars, crashes to earth in blast of cliches and nonsence.Nolan's most humane film to date. Sci-fi fans would compare it to 2001: A Space Odyssey for the 21st Century with father-daughter relationship adding to that. I watched this epic in IMAX for three times, but it wasn't until the third time this morning did I leave the theater with bleary red eyes. A grandiose space travel it might be. Both Brand and Cooper were in the same boat but heading for different directions in search of their love ones, or more literally, to save them. "Love is the one thing that transcends time and space." Once they understood the best way to put their love into vigorous actions, it's also the very time they had to let go. As Cooper put it "We're still pioneers, we barely begun. Our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us, cause our destiny lies above us." An earth-saving plan might require equations of quantum gravity and outer-space data, but all these would only exist on empty planets without the faith in immeasurable elements like love and courage.Visualmente impactante, pero con demasiadas lagunas a nivel guion. Inverosimil, enredada, incomprensible, con un desconocimiento de la fisica que raya en la inocencia, y un entramado narrativo sin solidez, aunado a los lugares comunes de su fotografÃ­a, este trabajo es un derrapon que Nolan no vio venir.The best close to reality movie about black holes and the time travel in movie industryDon't believe the hype, 3 hours of confusion and boringness... Not the type of confusion one might find in Inception for example, but a confusion where things just don't quite make sense and aren't explained well enough for you to understand the concept...The acting is great, the plot has flaws thoughWow this has got me thinking. If you are watching this I recommend you do not watch this movie if you are tired because you will get lost.Very entertaining bring tissues!What a movie !!! That's what you call the art of storytelling...First off goin into this movie I really didnt have any interest on seeing it, but I had some free time and I like Matthew McConaughey so I said what the heck why nt? Wow.... This movie is about quantum physics with deep philosophical quandaries about fate, love, the universe and our place in it. I will say it was a lil long,but truly a good date movie. . "Murphy's Law - whatever can happen will happen. "Densa, compleja y larga. Nolan usa misma maqueta de Inception para crear planos y realidades en otras dimensiones para explicar cuantica y mecánicas complejas sobre el universo. Hipótesis difícilmente de que una mayoría logre entenderlas. Casi escrita por Hawkings.* Esperaba otro desenlace.Another Christopher Nolan masterpiece, it's a fascinating story in every possible wayIt was good but the end kinda mind fucked meMust see. Of the thinking "inception" time travel. bmw's driven by wind!! loved the movie. might have shed one.left me at the edge of my seat all the way to the endDespite Matthew McConaughey, a really good movie. Man I hate that guy. He's so annoying.A good solid sci-fi flick with a great cast. The movie keeps you guessing until the end.Just like his previous efforts, Christopher Nolan takes a character and explores his solitude and desire for family and happiness, making him a sort of hero.One of the best movies of the year and one of the best sifi movies of all timethe interstellar mega crap, why in the world did I watch thisAn entertaining sci-fi flick that could have used some editing. Anne Hathaway is disappointing and mis cast but McConaughey makes it work.With an incredible third act and all-around terrific performances, Interstellar proves to be another tremendous donation from Christopher Nolan to film history.This movie was phenomenal!!! I recommend for everyone to see this amazing movie!Thank you for making this movie. It stretched my seemingly limited mind for the first time in a long while.Some things were ridiculous and it's a bit long. However, I think this movie will serve to get more people interested in space travel, which is great.The best film I have ever seen. Anyone who appreciates the universe, physics and meaning will love it. I couldn't recommend it more.an totally awful gobblegook movieI think it's a big movie with bad informationwas dragged into the theater to see this.....so glad I was. Loved this. amazing.Beautifully shot but overly long. Big ideas but I wish there was more character development.A truly outstanding movie. well written and directed. another Christopher Nolan classicThis film is stupid, it is full of flaws and, if they didn't try to make it such a serious film, then I could have handled it a lot better. Instead they try to blind us with science that couldn't blind an 80 year old monk who is suffering with cataracts. Yes, the effects are alright, and I'm sure it looked nice in the 3D cinema, but that wouldn't have been enough for me. I would love to go into the full list of flaws but can't without really spoiling it for others who are able to ignore these.Sit back, relax, and settle in for what may be the best spent 3 hours of filmmaking since The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers. I was so taken in with this movie on so many levels that I might have trouble finding the appropriate place to begin this review. Oh hell, let's just get this going. The first thing I feel I have to point out about this epic flick is that the film boasts a damn-near three hour running time (as I have already mentioned) HOWEVER I personally never felt anything other than pure enjoyment as the filmmakers here have packed in enough humor, thoughtfulness, and intrigue to make up for your time. I connected with this film very strongly as I felt it was a very strong analogy for fathers moving on ahead of us to "another existence" in the hopes to make our inevitable journey less frightening. There were several moments that truly felt like the film was making personal messages to me on this topic (cuckoo? maybe.) But all that doesn't change the fact that, as a straight forward sci-fi adventure, the film still held the goods. The film was packed full of gentle, yet epic, set-pieces that were scary in very personal ways. I'm talking about digging into some psychological phobias I was unaware that I possessed. Now how often can you say that a 200 million dollar blockbuster has made THOSE kind of feeling bubble up in you? This all brings me to what I feel is a very apt film comparison in the 2000 Robert Zemeckis flick, "Cast Away". While this film is a bit faster paced I feel that it is safe to say if you are the kind of film-goer who was rapt by Mr Hanks sole adventures upon that mysterious island, you will no doubt be as entrance by Mr. McConaughey's adventures beyond the stars. I loved both of these flicks and can only hope that INTERSTELLAR has the personal staying power that Cast Away had and continues to have over me. Now, is this Christopher Nolan's best film? I'd say no, as of right now, but I will say that I believe it to be his most subtle and eerie work since 2002's underrated INSOMNIA...(Wait a second...Insomnia... Inception... Interstellar...hurm...a pattern...?) Anyways, if you find yourself with the time (and please, do yourself and favor and PREPARE yourself for this film. That means clearing your schedule and head space) and I believe you will be more than guaranteed a film that will not only have you running to your nearest Quantum Physics book but also rushing to find and tell those you hold dear exactly what they mean to you. P.S. Matthew McConaughey has, after this (no pun) stellar performance and his even better showing in the amazing True Detective, now become one, if not my favorite actor. The guy is good. "Alright, alright, alright..."I loved the movie. The cinematography and the visual graphics were mind-blowing! The story was original! The science was legit apart from some controversial concepts. A reading of the theory after watching the movie and going through the movie again later helped. The ensemble was perfect. Nolan can't get that wrong! The only problem I had was wrt the runtime. It's quite long, but given the concept it must have been inevitable.With Christopher Nolan and an all star cast in the pilot seat, I thought I was in for an exciting thriller, but when I walked out of theater I was filled with disappointment. The story left me so confused that when I looked at a synopsis, it still didn't make sense.Also when I was watching nothing anyone said or did made sense to me in the slightest. Even though I'm not much of a science guy, I still felt that the reality of many things happening in this film is impossible. I will give it a star for it's special effects, but take half a star off for the sound, because the soundtrack was not that stellar and the sound effects made my ears more deaf than listening to an actual rocket. I expected more.Nonsense surrounding 20 minutes of passable Twilight Zone with Matt Damon.One of the best movies I've seen. Made feel as if I was there, living that experience. The best part, the good guy didn't die!ending is a bit muddledNo one can accuse Nolan for having a lack of ambition, but this is borderline pretentious that gives way to downright lunacy in it's final half hourMust watch before dyingVery intresting, had me at the edge of my seat.This movie was SLOW. The only reason I'm giving it this many stars is because McConaughey was brilliant, and because it was visually appealing to the eyes. Not a big fan of Hathaway in this one--missed the mark a bit.awesome, awesome movie...

The best thing about Interstellar is that, like Inception, the science and the ideas are as real, as sophisticated, and as advanced, as any ideas out there. If you see a critic or somebody saying this is convoluted or overly complex that says more about their lack of understanding than about the movie. We should be thrilled Nolan is thinking about and making movies about these things. Bravo.
Music perfectly falls on the picture, the story can not tear myself away from the screen for almost three hours. This is simply the best modern sci-fi film. And don't forget, story based on Kip Thorne works, and theoretically it can be true! ^_^
Christopher Nolan did it again; Interstellar will twist your mind and fill your heart with love. Interstellar isn't just a massive space-adventure. It's much more than that; it’s a film about human bonding.

Interstellar is by far the best sci-fi film of the year, and one of the greatest of all time. The vast storyline about the connection between us humans is so incredible, I felt so attracted to the characters and I almost started crying because it's so dramatic and epic. I usually don't feel so attracted to the characters like in Interstellar, so this was just so incredible! When it comes to the actors and their roles, are they all superb. Matthew McConaughey as Cooper is just fantastic; he's both dramatic and stunning in action. Jessica Chastain and Mackenzie Foy as Murph are both awesome, even a bit touching. One aspect of Interstellar (when it comes to the actors) is that there's one actor I didn't expect to be in this film, so it was a big surprise! There's even some humor between the characters in this film, which I didn't expect. As mentioned, the story is wonderful, but there might be some slow scenes in the end of the first act, but the ending explained it all so there's nothing wrong about it!

Interstellar is a film that just kept going and going when I saw it. I thought it would end like 3 or 4 times but instead it just continued with even more exiting and innovated things that I never have seen before. I can tell you this: if you thought Inception was something innovating and spectacular, go and watch Interstellar, you won't regret it! Some people think the last act of the film is less impressive, but I don't agree, it's fantastic! The structure of Interstellar is in my opinion very similar with The Prestige, maybe not as excessive but I totally love it! It's so clear that this is a film by Christopher Nolan, just the visuals are incredible and I was so amazed while watching it. It even looks more real than the film Gravity, and the first 30 minutes of Interstellar is totally superior than Gravity. I couldn't even see if there are CGI in this film, and that there's no 3D is a great thing!

There are some minor flaws in the film, and the first thing is the soundtrack. Yes it's from the famous composer Hans Zimmer, and I love his previous works like the music in The Dark Knight Trilogy and in the film Inception. But it's not exactly as massive and touching as I thought it would be. It's still impressive, but not as vast or touching. Another thing is the first act of the film; it felt like they had cut too much scenes, because it felt a bit to fast. There could also have been a bit more action. The last aspect is the trailer, it doesn't spoil much about the film, but I think they should have shown less of the visuals. It could have resulted in even more surprising things with the film.

This is the best film from Christopher Nolan to date, but it's not a perfect film. Even though, I don't think we need to wait that long until he creates something even more spectacular than Interstellar.

Interstellar get a 9.5/10
Interstellar may have been scientifically accurate but that doesn't excuse it of its thematic flaws.
Foe one I think it's tediously wordy at times. There's a lot of unnecessary dialogue that just takes away from the emotional heart of the film - like that bloke who starts explaining why worm holes ought to be spherical in 3 dimensions using flowcharts and diagrams. What was the point of doing that? For one you'd think a Nasa pilot whose mission is to enter a wormhole would know that but more importantly it degraded a thrilling moment (entering the wormhole) with a bunch of prose. And there's a lot of this in the film. The part on Newton's 3rd law made me cringe.

Characters explain the effects of warped space-time to each other and throw away cheesy relativity punch lines but they hardly ever have real human moments. I would've preferred if the film explained none of its scientific complexities. Let the audience rise up to the occasion, let them figure it out. But this is where Nolan's commercial instinct takes over. I get that he's trying to sell the film to a wider demographic and I get that there had to be some amount of exposition but Nolan does this to such an extent that it takes away the humanity of his characters. Why should I care about them? Exposition is a cheap alternative for not being able to convey your ideas through imagery. Anne Hathaway's Dr. Brandt is a poorly written character because midway through the film, her personality just flips in a dime and we have a new character clothed in the same flesh. She's introduced as a stern and no-nonsense woman but later on she starts spewing the most nonsensical things in the movie - like that "love is quantifiable" baloney she's obsessed with. Again just shows you Nolan's women can't be strong women, they can only be strong lovers. I was shocked in the end when I found out that Cooper and Brandt were supposed to end up together. Was there any chemistry there? And then you have Matt Damon who's not really a character but a walking wikipedia that's there only to list the pro's and cons of being human - the performance doesn't help either.

The part of the film that needed explaining is the sci-fi-y part (which you can't look up in a book) about how humans are planning to leave the planet. In fact I still don't understand it. So the astronauts went searching for some specific numerical data required for solving some equation that could be found only inside the black hole but how would the unification of general relativity and quantum mechanics help us leave the planet. In fact how did we leave the planet? Weren't we out of fuel? I'm not trying to poke holes or anything. I just don't get it.

There's things that the movie does very honestly and get's right - like the relationship between Murphy and Cooper but I also think there's stuff the film gets very wrong. The best scene Nolan's ever directed is from the Dark Knight when the Joker leans out of the police car and shakes his head in glee. There's no dialogue, there's no music but it's a haunting and beautiful sequence that conveys volumes. In my opinion Interstellar never achieves that sort of artistry. I still liked it but I don't think it's as good as recent sic-fi films such as Wall-E, A.I., Children of Men, Minority Report, Eternal Sunshine of Spotless Mind or Nolan's own the Prestige. Interstellar may leave one feeling completely indifferent or deeply moved. Sadly I'm among those who felt it was contrived, unfocussed and eventually self-defeating.
In my opinion, Interstellar certainly lives up to the hype. Words simply can't describe the experience I had while watching this movie unfold before my eyes in that glorious 70 MM Imax format. The visuals were jaw dropping, acting was superb, and the story was filled with originality and hand full of surprises along the way. There is so much to this movie you don't know about when you go into seeing it for the first time, which was a huge plus! The less you know about the story for this movie, the better. While there are a lot of positives for this movie, my only complaint would have to be the pacing of the story. There were a couple instances where I felt like the story was being rushed and that I had to just go along with what was going on at those points. Despite the movie being almost three hours long, I kinda wish it could be a little longer so that the story could progress more naturally. Other than that, I have no other negatives to mention. I walked out of the theater feeling satisfied and wanting to experience it again! And probably will!
A surprisingly underwhelming offering sorely in need of judicious editing, better writing and a clearer focus. Despite capable performances by Matthew McConaughey, Matt Damon and Jessica Chastain, as well as an emotive score and terrific sound, the picture suffers from largely mediocre special effects, uneven pacing, underdeveloped characters, bland supporting performances and a choppy, bloated script. When telling a tale that aspires to epic heights, the worst offense a director can commit is to make the story boring, which is precisely what has happened here. Don't believe the hype; this release is far from what it could and should have been.
Not a film about science as we commonly understand it. In fact, Interstellar works hard to convince you to see science in unimagined ways and this (that most critics are using as a reason why the film fails) is its strongest asset. A film with incredible imagination, Interstellar weaves reductive iterations of themes like exploration, love and time together so cohesively that the audience is challenged to see them each with new wonder.

Anne Hathaway is given one of her most complex roles to date and her work here is both efficient and subtle. Technically, the editing, cinematography and score all work hard to bring the ideas of the story to new heights. 
Very disappointing. Everything is done for cool visuals and nothing makes sense. Serious and pretentious and ultimately boring. Wants to be about the future of the human race, but ends up being about the power of love. ;-/ There's a lot of great visual references to 2001 and some good humor actually, but you can't help wondering how the script was green lit. It could have been great if he had taken more (or less) LSD

I emplore everyone to put the critics aside and go into this film with an open mind. It does get pretty science-y but do not let that stop you! This movie is a brilliant opus to both 2001 (with a MUCH more satisfying climax) not saying the end of 2001 is bad, also another amazing movie. There is also some subtle points to the movie The Black Hole. If you have seen both of these, movies then you should get the references. Jaw-dropping soundtrack! Cinematography is some of the best that I have seen this year. I really feel that this is Nolan's love letter to the genre. The movie is not without fault though, but everything blended so WELL that I still gave it a 10. I have not had a movie invoke so much emotion as this one did in a long time! One more thing to note, if you plan on seeing this, please see it in 70MM IMAX! It just adds to the size and scope of the movie!
An absolute visual feast, Interstellar delivers on its promises, and it actually - believe it or not - has a more satisfying ending than 2001. Not that the story is superior to Kubrick's classic, but there's a heart to it that I did not expect. I enjoyed the science - it does not talk down to its audience, and I can say I learned a few things. I especially enjoyed the robots with their matter-of-fact voices/affect. Though they don't have a human appearance - they initially appear super clunky (until you come to realize what they're capable of) - you instantly feel comfortable with them, which I credit in great part to the incredible voice acting of Bill Irwin. The father-daughter story is touching - both the young actress and Chastain are tremendous. McConaughey, if you've seen him in True Detective, does not disappoint. 

I am not a Nolanite. Maybe I'm an anti-Nolanite. I have nothing but contempt for movies about comic book superheroes. I hated Inception. I went into this movie with enough baggage to get me thrown off a plane.

It was superb. It was mind-blowing. I'm old. I saw 2001 when it originally came out, when everybody who saw it, came out saying "WTF?" Then, people discovered watching 2001 while high - and everything fell into place!

During the (controversial) 3rd act, I was back in 2001 (and wondering where I left my bong years before..). I didn't really need to heighten the sensation though, Nolan bombarded the audience with son et lumieres and McConaughey bombarded the audience with the most beautifully wrought portrayal of abject desperation and unconditional love I've ever seen on screen.

It broke my heart and I'm cynical as hell. The screenplay was serviceable, the dialogue was atrocious (this is Nolan after all), but it didn't matter. The visuals made Gravity look like it was filmed on an IPhone. The performances? Even Anne Hathaway was fine. Jessica Chastain and Mackenzie Foy, I shall forever revere. But McConaughey? Good God, this man is working on a level unknown to other actors. Absolutely electrifying. Not the Oscar bait that the Academy usually rewards, I think a Nobel Prize is in order.

I never suspected a film would come along this year that could threaten my beloved Boyhood's hold on my heart, yet Interstellar comes perilously close. 
this is other masterpiece movie from Mr.Nolan. the visualy are very stunning and it hase an emotional aspect. Well done Nolan!!! i was blown away for the second time and i will go tomorrow for the thirth time to enjoy his movie in Imax format, because that is the only experience that you can see it in the cinema.
I don’t know at what point I stopped caring about the main characters in “Interstellar” but it must have been upon losing all interest as to whether they ’make it’ or don’t. Or it may have been at the one point a crew member is lost and the reaction was, “So what?”

The film is long, at 169 minutes, with a lot of forgettable science verbiage that is forgotten by most of the audience before the credits start running. Will even the science nerds in the audience remember the dialogue regarding the black hole or the worm hole? Isn’t it enough to say that one hour in space will equal 7 hours on earth without getting into quantum theories? I’d rather hear how Anne Hathaway’s hair stays so sculptured after having a space helmet on for a flight, walking in water and on ice plus the gravity experienced, which is talked about but doesn’t seem to affect hairdos!

Director Christopher Nolan and co-writer of the script with his brother Jonathan, seem to know what they want to say when dealing with family relationships but when the abruptly take off space they seem to get lost. “Gravity” set the bar high for filming in space and spaceships and “Interstellar” comes nowhere near those scenes and feelings. The Nolans, along with the Director of Photography Hoyte van Hoytema, get the feel, sights and sounds of earth drying up and the possibility of the end of earth is made believable as are the various family relations, but once the movie blasts off to space everything comes to a halt except for a robot that seems more livelier than the humans.

The cast do what they can with what they got but Matthew McConaughey as Cooper, former test pilot who is brought back to lead this mission to find a place that the humans on earth can move to before they die, is fine in the father and daughter scenes but does not bring much to the hero aspect of the film. Oh, and a side note, he does need to put on some of the weight he lost for “Dallas Buyers Club”. Anne Hathaway has a thankless part while Michael Caine as her father gets to repeat Dylan Thomas”s poem “Do not go gentle into that good night” a few times. Murph, Cooper’s daughter, is played by 3 actresses and as the 10 year old Mackenzie Foy is a stand out while Jessica Chastain as Murph in her 30s has nothing to do but being angry.

David Gyasi and Wes Bently as the crew working with McConaughey and Hathaway, along with computerized robot voiced by Bill Irwin, are more than adequate. They are 3 other actors, not to be named, in the film so as not to provide spoilers. Also Casey Affleck, as Murph’s brother, in an underwritten role does what he can with it.

Ah yes I must give credit to Hans Zimmer for the too often loud music, signifying nothing, for keeping me awake in the last hour of “Interstellar”. 

Unlike his usual blockbuster style, Nolan has challenged both himself and the audiences a greater depth in this stunning space opera creatively. Slightly clinched and flawed in term of plot wise, this pure hard science fiction that stresses a lot on Quantum theories, space elements, astrophysics, time, gravity and the rushing, complex and slightly illogical third act might squeeze one's mind in this heavy 3 hours mission, but the worthy and meaningful dialogues, enormous expansion from the universe in Gravity, strong and connecting relationship between father and daughter have overall made the film entertaining, thrilling and thought-provoking. Hans Zimmer﻿ follows the director's effort in terms of scoring, which the musics sound more emotional, calm and creepy rather than the usual loud and powerful style; award-winning cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema did perfect job to present stunning, immersive and state-of-the-art visual effects of the space, wormholes, black hole and unknown planets beyond our galaxy. It might not be the most epic and perfect film, but this love letter from Nolan which is heavily inspired by 2001: A Space Odyssey, sending through the time and gravity somehow represents a rare film that begins and ends so beautifully and stellar. 
The best sci-fi movie for 2014. It has a mixture of human psychology, drama, sci-fi and actions. I felt the movie was a bit short even if it's almost 3 hours long, extra 15 minutes would do. Good ending and it worth my time in the big screen.
Here we go again reviewing yet another failed giant which clocks in at a butt numbing 169 minutes. It's an ambitious but flawed venture that is big in concept, big in budget and explores big themes. Sadly what this all adds up to is a big disappointment. The story, full of as many holes as there are black ones in space, is a mish mash of ideas which never really gel and one never quite gets a hold of what the point of it all is. The actors don't offer much by way of compensation either. Anne Hathaway shouldering the worst of the dialogue is the biggest casualty here, but Michael Caine is also tiresome as is Matt Damon who adds nothing. Matthew McConnaughey is better, but whatever emotion or empathy the film generates, and there are some very moving moments, are purely due to the wonderful Jessica Chastain. The film's biggest asset is her performance, although it's good to see film legend Ellen Burstyn showing all the others how it's done in just one tiny scene.

The banal dialogue is often gibberish and causes the rolling of one's eyes in disbelief or embarrassment. Nearly all scenes are over extended and often one is inclined to tune out long before they are finished. The special effects are good, but aside from a couple of sequences (a huge wave and the final set piece involving McConnaughey and Chastain),there really isn't much that we haven't seen before. The music comes on strong and sounds like an extended version of Mike Oldfield's 'Tubular Bells' from 1973's 'The Exorcist', co incidentally starring Burstyn in one of her finest roles.

The sound is very loud and effective during the set pieces, but is then often inaudible during simple dialogue exchanges between characters. I have no idea what Anne Hathaway was mumbling at the end in so pained a manner.
There are some marvellous compositions of the outside of the spacecraft filmed in complete silence, which are then judiciously cut with the sound included inside the ship. More of this and less dialogue would have been appreciated all round. Another gimmick that serves little purpose was the almost inevitable inclusion of the robot TARS. I would have recommended the removal of his power pack.

Director Christopher Nolan is certainly full of ideas but, unfortunately, they are never fully realised. He comes over like a young boy trying to communicate a passion or a hobby that no one else gets. His direction is over indulgent and left me confused and bored. Perhaps after two dramatic failures (Inception was very similar in style, but an even worse film!) he should try his hand at comedy. After all laughter in a cinema in infinitely preferable to sleeping.
The more you know, the stupider this film seems. If you passed any high-school science class or played Kerbal Space Program for a few hours, you will want to retch. Some of the SFX will impress people who think loud music means drama. This is a fraud, an insult to the notion of science fiction.
While visually stunning, this is one of the most flawed films in recent memory. Flawed, because more time was spent rendering out the special effects than developing a screenplay worthy of the cast and budget. When you're a filmmaker who can make anything you want - on film - there is no excuse for your films to not bring something new to the table and work at a basic screenplay level.

Interstellar does not ask new questions and with a script that literally feels like a first draft --I'm just shocked that Nolan didn't develop this more. The entire core of this film is the relationship between our lead Cooper and his daughter - but this is so rushed and honestly, extremely cheesy, that we don't care what happens. They spend far too much in time in space - with a ridiculous plot involving Matt Damon - and cut back to Earth is sporadic cuts that pull us into so many directions. There is no focus in this film.

This film proves that the Nolan brothers can not handle a couple of things: writing females and writing emotional characters that we're attached to. The dialogue was laughable - over the top in many places - and basically just a ton of one-liners.

We cut from Cooper learning he has to go to space - says goodbye - boom on the rocket - NO ATTACHMENT. There is zero development here - just get him to space, which fails to tell the core story well - which bites this movie in its ass in the third act. There are countless films that do this way better - Apollo 13, Close Encounters (they don't even go to space there) - if you want the audience to care about your characters then you have to spend more time making them care - not as much with the science and pizzaz - and I know everyone will love this movie, but it's not just minor flaws here - it's gaping holes in both motivation and development.

Forced. Rushed. However you want to put it - I'm sorry folks - it's not a great movie - not even a good one. Everything is spoon fed to the audience - no, not just the science - the twists - I didn't know on the nose screen writing was so acceptable in Hollywood - guess it is. They talk about ghosts so many times within the first act that anyone with half a brain KNEW there was something there - and if you know anything about space travel, black holes - or any of the stuff that is talked about in the trailers - you can put two and two together and call the major twist in the FIRST ACT. I literally turned to my girlfriend and called it - as did the other 5 people we were with...

And yes - I understood all the underlying themes and motifs he was playing with - love/gravity etc - but it wasn't enough to save a script where the characters aren't given room to breath.
My first review for Metacritic. inspired to join to record my disappointment with this film. And I wasn't the only one. People were leaving to go to loo thoughout the film, often a bad sign. I honestly thought the film was 4 hours long. Long scenes of boring dialogue. Like other reviewers, I found it astonishing that one astronought would have to explain to another what a worm hole was. And the robot was so unweildly. We conveniently skipped how it got in and out of the spacecraft. I love a good space movie. But give me Moon, Gravity or Apollo 13 any day.
3 Of Us Fell Asleep, 6 Of Us - Out Of 7 - Hated It! That's the score from a group of 7 friends who went to see Interstellar tonight. If I hadn't been with friends I would have walked out!

The only friend who liked it said she enjoys soap operas. That pretty much sums it up! IF YOU LIKE SOAP OPERAS YOU WILL LOVE INTERSTELLAR!

There are so many plot holes several of us were cracking jokes by the end of the movie. So many parts of Interstellar are so ridiculous or makes no sense -whatsoever- it borders on camp. Sure the cinematography is magnificent. But in the end it's nothing but pretty wallpaper when the story is drawn out, tedious, annoying, maudlin, nonsensical, irrelevant, dopey and depressing. (I heard way too many violins in the soundtrack! LOL!)

All I can say is when the only food humanity has left to eat is corn & corn products, then you are going to end up with a very corny movie!
Terrible performances and even worse writing, filled with gaping plot holes and over wrought direction. It's a clunky mess of film. Such a shame. It had so much potential.
Interstellar is a sublime science fiction spectacle focused on the themes of humanity and survival. The cast is led by a standout performance Matthew McConaughey as Cooper, an engineer-turned-ex-pilot-turned-farmer-turned-astronaut, that deals with the struggles of leaving his family to save humanity. A surprising amount of emotion in this film as the characters deal with humanity, survival and loss.

The film was a bit disappointing with some occasional choppy, unnatural dialogue and underdeveloped characters, but the biggest concern was that of subpar sound mixing. A number of scenes had dialogue that was overpowered by effects and the music making it hard to understand what the characters were saying. Due to this it would be a travesty for this film to win the Oscar for Best Sound Mixing.

Interstellar is a thought-provoking, intellectually-stimulating story that uses a meticulous eye for scientific detail to depict worlds and concepts we have only dreamt of. Christopher Nolan creates a visual masterpiece reminiscent of 2001: A Space Odyssey with its absolutely breathtaking cinematography mixed to an eerily quiet soundtrack to encompass the vast beauty of space. Although it has underdeveloped characters and somewhat subpar sound mixing, the overall film is an entertaining thrill ride into the deep, unknown parts of space. This is definitely a film to see in theatres to fully immerse yourself in the Nolan experience. Not the space movie we deserved, but the space movie we needed. Nothing less than an Interstellar night.
This review contains spoilers, click expand to view. Spoilers: This is one of the best films I've ever seen. Intelligent, mind expanding, meaningful, with a lot to say about the human condition. IMO a better film that 2001, primarily to the fact that it gives you an emotional investment in everything you see.

I feel however compelled to answer the people who sneer that this film posits love as a physical dimension, Anne Hatthaway's character puts forward this desperate argument when she is clutching at straws to convince her fellow astronauts to rescue her partner. She is rationalising her emotional need in a way that she hopes will convince the other scientists, and they overrule her because it is quite clear she is acting irrationally - this is not spelled out for the audience - but you should not confuse the words of a character for reality. The film does not say that love is another (physical) dimension - the character does!

Secondly, the idea that it flawed because the world is save by love crossing dimensions is also incorrect - this is what is known as a metaphor! No "force of love" crosses the dimension. The father is talking about the human condition and meaning. People of a rationalistic and non-poetic disposition seem unable to grasp this and I've heard it said many times. If love saves the universe - it's because of the attachment (the bond) that he had with his daughter that makes her go back and try and solve the puzzle of the gravity anomaly (the "aliens" know this), she senses her father has something to do with it - it makes the anomaly meaningful to her. There is nothing supernatural about it, it's psychology and the parent / child bond. So perhaps love does save the day - but miraculously it is done in a plausible way.
 greetings from Germany sry for my Bad English) If you like Calm and sophisticated Movies watch it!!! The pictures that are shown are just amazing. The performance from every Actor is great. And the Story gives you something to thing about.
I was looking forward to seeing this movie; it had an 8.8 on IMDB, it is about sci-fi space stuff, so it had to be good. Wrong... Although enjoyable with very beautiful graphics, there were to many small inaccuracies in the story to make it close to a good movie. Interstellar tries to be a serious science fiction space movie, however it chose to ignore many basic rules of physics. At first I was able to see past most of them, but they add up fast. Especially in a movie of this length they also sum up to a very large number.

For me one of the biggest annoyances were the robots in the story. At first I actually thought some idiot edited the movie and replaced all normal/useful/decent robots with the strange unpractical things that are in the movie I saw. But apparently there are intended to look like that (likely because they spend all budget on the beautiful graphics and had no more money for the robots...).

If you read elsewhere that this movie has a very advanced story and is based on complicated science, keep in mind that that is not true! It is a enjoyable movie, but do not expect plausible physics or a deep and advanced story. It is a simple sci-fi movie with a simple story and beautiful graphics (6/10).
Although the plot seems to delve into ridiculous solutions at times, making up a few ex machinas to somehow cover up the deeply tangled and complicated storyline the movie sets itself into, Christopher Nolan's "Interstellar" is a stellar movie with the typical Nolan-signature styled choreography and amazing visuals, a great soundtrack, and an excellent performance from Matthew McConaughey, where in some scenes he literally brought me to tears in.
 Sabia desde un principio que no iba a ser la típica película de ciencia ficción con aliens y explosiones por doquier. Es lo mas parecido al viaje de Kubrick que se ha filmado hasta el momento y esta a ese excelente nivel. Excelentes actuaciones y fotografía. La recomiendo para aquellos fanáticos del genero. 
it is simply a beautiful film with a lot of tension, action and deep that leaves the viewer with something in the heart that rejoices enough and leaves him with "hope" Hans Zimmer soundtrack is beautiful and great direction and script.
Also very good special effects.
scientific accuracy and good sound mix.
that almost was not nominated for anything at the Golden Globes?
This is easily one of the best movies ever created.! Every aspect of the film is incredible well done, the story is deep and has many twists that will surprise you, the soundtrack is perfect, that is the word, perfect.! From the very beginning it gives you a sense of mystery that won't disappear until the end of the film. The development of the characters is great, with a masterful performance by McConaughey. Interstellar is a unique and special movie, one that you will want to see many times, and that you will never forget, a masterpiece.! 
A great movie. The cosmological and the human are mixed together in one long beautiful hopeful hymn to human being. The love in this movie felt genuine, not a mere Hollywood ingredient. Normally a movie about escaping the Earth that we have destroyed would make me sigh at the unrealism of such a vision, but that difficulty was acknowledged gracefully before the movie soared off into its exuberant flight. As in life, nothing is one dimensional, nothing is simply distant or simply close, nothing is done and dealt with. The "bad guy" is just a regular flawed man who unwittingly helps more than he ever could by being a good guy; love animates the characters' actions even when it is twisted. This is a deep and deeply moving movie that carries itself with great grace. Where it has to borrow it does so respectfully; where it has to bend realism it does so with narrative elegance and an eye on the deeper things. I'd say it's of the best science fiction movies there is. 
Interstellar is a mind-blowing movie, there is no way to summarize it in order to convince the audience to go see it. The next work of Christopher Nolan arrives with much more strength than Inception, not only because we jump from dreams to space, but also because is noticeable the consolidation that reached this director. First is the setting of the story, the life of mankind in the Earth has come to an end, although the interesting thing is how Nolan shows it, from the point of view of a family. Here it is clear the importance that acquires the human side in the story (which is also present in Nolan's filmography), and this theme from the beginning to the end is the protagonist. Some examples are the decision that Cooper has to make, whether going to space but miss seeing his children grow or stay; and the other one is probably the most heartbreaking scene of the movie, when the protagonist sees the compilation video (astonishing performance btw). This whole thing aims to evaluate human behavior, sometimes subconsciously (Inception, Memento) and others rationally (Interstellar), but both about survival instincts. Another amazing things about the picture are: the visual effects, obviously, how the crew gather the current info and theories about the aspect of a real dark hole; second, how it exhibits the concept of relativity; and finally, the representation of time as a tangible dimension. The film keeps you on the edge of your seat for nearly 3 hours, definitely nothing like what has been seen before.
 A nice Sci-Fi movie with a serious plot and gloomy atmosphere. I didn't like the final part of the movie much, but still the effort is very solid. The actors are great, Matt Damon has a small but memorable role. A must see for all Sci-Fi fans. 

 What else could you want from a movie? Christopher Nolan outdid himself with this gem. Matthew McConaughey was stunning in this film as well. Interstellar will take you to places unseen by the human eye. Great visual effects and a heartwarming and emotionally-invested story added with superb acting makes this by far my favorite film of 2014. 

This Movie is Great about Story, Effect, and Music. For Character is look good too, and salute for Nolan, keep keeping men for make Quality Film ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

One of the best movies I've seen in years. Beautiful both in visuals and sound and has from what I've seen probably the most accurate representation of current theories in astrophysics in action ( except right at the end where they go into really unknown territory ).

Also that soundtrack deserves a reward by itself.

Good ol fashion Nolan. The only films he made that I didnt really care for are Batman Begins and The Dark Knight Rises. This one is not quiet as powerful as Inception was, but it was still a pretty good ride. There are a lot of parallels you could draw from Space Odyssey 2001, but the film has its own signature look and many of the creative decisions feel organic. It runs it a little long and some may feel the philosophy towards the end is a tad bit hokey. Overall B+.

This review contains spoilers, click expand to view. Sorry to all who loved Interstellar, but I'm a retired engineer and hard core science fiction fan, and I spent half the movie flinching at the repeated absurdities and lapses in logic, The black hole sequence alone contained 4 whoppers: nothing, repeat nothing, gets back out past the event horizon (that's the definition of the term), so no communications; the tidal effects around a spinning black hole tears apart anything that approaches too closely into its constituent atoms, if not quarks; the centrifugal force created by the slingshot pass would at the very least spread the people into a thin film of paste inside the ship; and, because of the violence and turbulence of the infalling matter, everyone and everything, would instantly have been fried by radiation.
All in all, the Harry Potter films are just as realistic.

Well, one off from two of this year's most expected movies alongside 'The Battle of Five Armies'. Like all the Chris Nolan fans, I was equally excited to see the movie on the opening day opening show. But I slightly disappointed that it was not a digital 3D film. I agree, this science-fiction was more dramatized than usual space travel stories does with an adventure-thriller. Almost a 3 hour long stretch movie did not waste much time to take us to the core of the story. Get prepared for this extremely rare voyage into the space with a logical explanation for everything you see on the screen. Well done research for the most matured and intelligent writing. All the credit must go to Nolan brothers. A good sign from Jonathan Nolan, who can make big in the entertainment industry in a future like his brother.

As we know many had liked 'Inception', to me that was a simple multi-layered action movie, that's all. But the same stuffs that used in this film makes sense. In fact, you have to have a little knowledge over how the universe works, so then it will be easy to catch the scene and situations while watching the movie. Totally like a documentary style concept, but with the additional stuffs like characters and its emotions add flavor that gives a movie look. An educational movie, though it also can work for those who wants just entertainment. Only the slow movie pace would test their patience.

It was the story of a family alongside the future of humankind and decoding universal mysteries through travelling in space and time. This movie would a reasonable for those who thought '2001: A Space Odyssey' is a boring piece, Cleverly written cinematic piece especially for science geeks. I don't know how perfect the movie to the actual present astrophysics, but will justify for the common people's capacity of understanding with an encourageable amount of commercial elements in it to entertain as well.

The first three quarters of the movie was well made. It puts me in a unblinkable position like a story was narrated by Brian Cox in a television series. Like I said, lots of astrophysics involved in it, but strangely human emotions were also exhibited equally that I never expected one from Nolan film. It was not an ordinary sentiment, but was strong enough to make a man cry for happy and sad situations in the movie. I liked science and emotion coming together. In fact, it saved the movie, otherwise it would have been a science documentary straight from NASA production through Nolan direction.

There are many surprise elements in the movie and of course there is a twist at the end. We can call it a series of twists like the layers. Compared to last quarter of the movie to the rest, it completely detaches which opens broadly to the different directions. And that happens so fast rushing towards the other end. Which give an impression of the movie 'Inception'. In a perfect way to say the first 75% was 'The Tree of Life' and the remains are 'Inception'.

The story was initiated with a realistic approach with actual scientific contents as per the present understanding about the universe. But the end was let me down with the layered contents that kind of impossible to agree with it. As a cinematic theme it worked, yeah, a good solution for this wonderfully written story. We know that the time can't run backwards, so that's the trouble.

Anyway, this movie defines in a new way, I mean scientifically the existence of ghost. It was not a horror movie, but I liked supernatural force that merged with this science fiction theme. That explains and gives vast ideas to expand our physics beyond something and somewhere yet to reach. Hats off to the director, because he was not thinking of making money here. His idea was to implement what the humans are understood so far about the cosmos. And he very nicely transformed those into the silver screen with the blend of human emotions. In my opinion, this will replace '2001: A Space Odyssey' for sometime till another one make this way.

The visuals were not that great, but simply very good. To see those in digital 3D would have given us a different experience, sadly Nolan was not in favor of that technology. Hoping this movie would get as many as the Oscars nod. Especially not getting into the best motion picture shortlist would be a shame. Like I said I'm no one fan, I just love watching everyone's every movie. I would have went to see it again if it was converted into digital 3D, since I'm modern tech geek when it comes to the films.

The end scene leaves a hint of a possible sequel. I would be happy if that happen in a near future, but definitely that would be a completely different cinema as per how this one ended. I know his fans want that to happen and so am I. What I gonna say is it is a must see asap if you are a movie fanatic like me otherwise Nolan movies does not need anyone's recommendation because his movies usually sell itself like the hot samosa. 

I approached this film with trepidation after reading a lot of the negative reviews, but having seen it, I felt compelled to add to the growing praise it has received.

This is one of the most awe-inspiring films I have seen for a long time. The emotional development of the characters was just perfect, and while certain plot developments were dropped into conversations earlier in the film, I can understand why this was done. It was to aid people who seem unable to comprehend complicated plot structure, in this respect Nolan failed, as a lot of people still seemed to be in the dark.

This film is sci-"fi", so the third act, however fantastical, was not meant to be grounded in reality. Even so, the tesseract created by our descendants, and their ability to manipulate gravity and consequently time, alludes to unfathomable technology from our current technological viewpoint. The black hole could have been an artificial construct used as a teaching tool to transfer knowledge from a 5th to a 3rd dimensional being. Time being represented as a "physical" environment in this 5th dimensional space, such as the 2 dimensional wormhole was represented as a sphere in 3 dimensional space.

From the visuals (which were just awe-inspiring) to the decision to allow atmospheric sound and music to mask the dialogue in places, representing either the immensity of the situation or the sheer emotional trauma at such points.

I love that in this day and age, a Hollywood director could create such a piece which transcends the mundanity of daily (current) societal games and norms, and directs our gaze to the ineffable majesty of a greater reality which exists all around us.

I can't wait to watch this again.

 As with any other of Nolan's films: captivating landscapes and flawless acting. Yet, I found it extremely predictable and a bit confusing at times. Was totally expecting to be dazzled and mind-blown by this movie but unfortunately it wasn't the case... I was pretty bored and unimpressed. The ones that don't pay much attention to details might have a better time enjoying the movie. Good luck. 

A magnificently mounted piece of popular entertainment - a bold and ambitious old school science fiction adventure film bound to inspire budding filmmakers much the same way Close Encounters of the Third Kind 2001 and Star Wars did back in those days.
Hans Zimmer usually bombastic in his work, is unusually intimate and powerful here delivering one of the great cinematic scores.
Matthew McConaughey fresh from his Oscar streak is the film's beating heart: complex, tragic, heroic, and charismatic.
With filmmaking this epic, intelligent and emotional, belongs among the stars.

 Incredible vision and creativity in this film. That is ultimately why I love watching films so much - I want them to make me think, and go to places I've never been before.

To get some things out of the way - yes, this film is very similar to 2001: A Space Odyssey, but I wouldn't say it is as good. There are small weaknesses which keep it from being a perfect 10/10 on my list, but it is still one of the best sci-fi movies.

The plot seems to be very well written for the most part, especially the science. You can tell they did their research. The use of scientific concepts like gravity and time distortion (or w/e you call it) was very unique and cool, and I really like that we got a glimpse inside a black hole - of course we don't know what is really inside, but its cool to explore one possibility.

There were some small things I didn't like - for example, I still don't know how I feel about the concept of "love" as some space/time transcending force - it sounded a bit cheesy. But on the whole this film dazzled me with its scope and creativity. 

Personally I felt Interstellar was a great film that sometimes struggled to get to the point. Graphically the film is one of the best of its kind, It also really makes you the feel that the clock is ticking. Its a film that keeps you on the edge of you seat right until the end. You never know which way it will go. Also Nolan left the ending on a slight cliff hanger so potentially a 2nd Interstellar may be on the books. It is a complex film but Space is a complex subject. Nolan took this film to a whole new level, making you want to know more & leaving you wanting a second film.

 The first six hours of Interstellar are amazing and contain some of the most beautifully shot and thrilling scenes from a sci-fi movie, but the final act isn't just unsatisfying...it unravels the rest of what was a beautifully woven story. 

Amazing movie. The art direction and cinematography was fantastic. It reminded me a great deal 2001: A Space Odyssey. A lot of time is spent setting tone, and artfully describing the environment - which helps with the overall mood of thoughtful contemplation.

And while the overall plot may be grandiose and reaching at times, the story itself remains very human and centered.

One of the better films I've seen this year. I highly recommend it. 

 Interstellar came at the end of 2014 to give us a Christmas blockbuster worthy of leaving our warm hearths for. Some films excel at spectacle, and this really deserved to be seen on the biggest, loudest screen possible, so count yourself lucky if you managed it.

The film is a science fiction epic, but it’s not an outlandish fantasy. Forget Avatar. Has anyone watched Avatar recently? Interstellar feels grounded in possibility with ideas full of personal conflict and universal philosophy. The story begins some fifty odd years in the future on an Earth devastated by crop blights. The world is becoming a barren dustbowl as humanity struggles to feed itself.

Our hero is Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) a widowed former pilot turned farmer who ekes out a living with his father-in-law and two children Tom and Murphy. The film does well to establish this world; a parent-teacher meeting where children are denied a college application so they can become farmers and an early action sequence where Cooper salvages a downed Indian drone for parts hint at the environmental, technological and geopolitical situation of this future world.

The main narrative starts when a mysterious signal leads the ever inquisitive Cooper to the remnant of NASA, helmed by Cooper’s old professor Dr. Brand (frequent Nolan-collaborator Michael Caine) who offers him the chance to join a secret mission to find a new homeworld for humanity. A wormhole has been discovered near Saturn which leads to a system of potentially habitable planets orbiting a supermassive black hole.

Here begins the struggle and the decisions Cooper and his family must make. Should humanity continue to fight the losing battle on Earth, or abandon it? Should a man leave his family for the future of humanity, or live out what life he can with them, as best he can on a dying world? At the heart is Cooper’s relationship with the daughter he leaves behind (Jessica Chastain) and her struggle to forgive him as she grows up to become a scientist herself. The relationship is paralleled with Brand’s daughter Amelia (Anne Hathaway) who joins the mission to look for something else among the stars.

Christopher Nolan is a twenty-first century auteur and his films are always ambitious, complex and engaging. Even if that ambition is sometimes stretched, he never shrinks from a bold idea. But it’s not just a philosophical narrative. While emotional through and through, the film also explores its conflict through gripping action and spectacular visuals, and its pioneering attitudes through the inclusion of cutting edge scientific thought.

Okay, so you don’t have to understand every part of the physics; some artistic licence has undoubtedly been taken for the sake of story or spectacle, but we’re here to watch a movie, not a lecture in theoretical astrophysics. The result is that the characters not only explore foreboding new worlds of ice and oceans but deal with the vaguely realistic implications of exploring wormholes and black holes, such as time dilation and intense space-time-warping gravity. This is used to great emotional effect; imagine communicating with your family at home when hours of your time is years of theirs and your messages can ‘only’ travel at the speed of light.

It’s enough that theoretical physicist Kip Thorne was present as a consultant to know we’re in safe hands. Thorne collaborated with Carl Sagan on the latter’s novel Contact, which became a film in 1997 and dealt with the communication between a father and daughter across the void of space and also happened to feature Matthew McConaughey in a supporting role.

Interstellar seems like a spiritual successor but stands on the shoulders of another giant, that unforgettable epic journey to the edges of the solar system and beyond: 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968); although that film’s astronaut Dave had no family keeping him on Earth. It’s worth mentioning here that the cubic robots that assist on the mission are markedly less homicidal. The robots have been brilliantly realised with inventive simplicity as real puppets played by actors and not CGI.

The effects as a whole are a cinematic experience; the spaceship blasts through the void to ludicrous organ overlays and emerges overlooking the black hole, a magnificently realised singularity of ultimate light and darkness simulated using Thorne’s mathematics. Then a moment of peace, all the more accentuated after the volume, allowing us to ponder the ‘gravity’ of the situation in more ways than one.

My only word on the film’s ending is that it comes very close to undercutting Cooper’s sacrifices by letting him have his cake and eat it, but after the mind-bending finale, we’re on board enough just to go along with the ride. The word ‘stellar’ is sometimes used to describe something of an extremely high standard, but it’s hard to say now without sounding like you’re quoting Stanley Kowalski. It’s time for a change, so this film gets full marks because it was Interstellar.

Interstellar is visually stunning, not only in space but on earth as well. On top of that Hans Zimmer's score is absolutely brilliant and one of my favourites ever. The only problem I had with this movie is the ending. Without going into spoilers I just would have preferred a different ending that could have still worked within the movie. That doesn't mean the ending didn't work, or wasn't good, just not what I would have went with. This still is a must see movie, on the biggest screen with the best sound possible. It is a humanizing, grounded, yet ambitious and exceptional in almost every way.

 Interstellar was nothing short of a spectacle... a grandiose experience of epic proportions. It explores concepts no movie has ever explored before, and fleshes them out exceptionally. The movie has multiple moments of unmatched intensity, like when Mathew McConaughey's character Cooper must dock his ship onto a rapidly rotating space station, or when the Crew of four, including Cooper and Anne Hathaway's character, Dr. Brand (plus a couple somewhat unremarkable characters) travel through a worm hole into the unknown. The main characters are sculpted well and detailed, and the characters are somewhat relatable and their wonderful acting gives a good sense of realistic emotion shown. Although the movie takes a bit to get started (the initial take-off sequence was decently boring) and a few of the characters fail to be interesting, the movie was overall fantastic. The ending sequence was one of the most incredible things I have ever seen in a movie since Nolan seems to think like me. Only difference being, I imagine someone looking across time pictured as a bubble, rather than a sprawling plane of individual time periods spread out in front of you. Nontheless, a must see. Especially if you liked Gravity, Contact, or any other space movies. In fact, any Nolan fans out there should see it as well, as it has a heavy theme of human emotion and reaction to odd situations, found in other Nolan films like Inception. Seriously, go see it.

Simply incredible, mind-twisting and mind-blowing. Space scenes are realistic and Christopher Nolan really wanted the audience to feel inside the movie, to be part of the journey. There are indeed a few minor flaws (I would be stupid not to admit it) but it doesn't matter, this movie still deserves a 10 for everything it offers.

 THIS movie is great and the best of 2014! The actors were good and so was the plot. However the movie lost me at the black hole part. I understood it but it was just too weird. So no 10 only 9 ;:3 

Interstellar is a film about, above everything else, humanity's need for exploration. It's hard to miss this fact, what with all of Matthew McConaughey's monologues on the topic in the film's first half hour or so. The blighted, dying future Earth is practically a metaphor for its navel-gazing population, so blind to the fact that they're literally farming themselves to death that they actually rewrote the history books to discourage wasteful wanderlust. So it comes as little surprise that explorers are the ones plotted to save the species in spite of itself.

However, getting past the heavy-handed setup is worth it, because once the crew of Interstellar's interstellar vessel takes off, so does the movie. The visuals are always great and sometimes amazing. The care with which the film's universe is rendered is apparent. Kip Thorne, Interstellar's science adviser, really earned his paycheck here. The actual science is less perfect, but if you can ignore all the hand-waving at the beginning and ending of the film, the rest might actually teach you a thing or two.

It goes without saying with a cast like this that the performances are all solid, including an unexpectedly disturbed turn by Matt Damon. Christopher Nolan shoots this film in signature stylistic fashion, and his musical right-hand man Hans Zimmer provides a suitably rousing score. The ending is more than a little derivative, but it serves.

Is "Interstellar" a significant cinematic achievement? I don't know. I do know it's the best "hard scifi" thing I've seen in a while.

I loved this movie. I will admit though - there were times I envied the crew their stasis pods for skipping over some of the longer, less interesting, stretches of the trip.

 Not long ago, I watched a featurette with excerpts from the movie Interstellar, which showed the gargantuan amount of work and sweat Nolan brethren, Kip Thorne and others put in whilst exploring the behaviour of a black hole. The crisp attention and the minute details they did not overlook flabbergasted me beyond limit. So hopeful was written all over my head. And Nolan never disappoints.

Strewn with science, this movie not only takes you on a joy ride, it educates you as well. The concept of space-time singularity pervades throughout the flick as we witness a superb simulation of a black hole, and it doesn't stop at just that. We go into it. Yes, through the eyes of our protagonist for the first time, we witness a distinct theoretical world that has found pragmatism. An impeccable representation of Tesseract with threads of time.

The best thing about Nolan is the enormity of the project he takes. The script is so beautifully written that it rivets you right from the start. The concept is like magic, a miracle happening in a distant galaxy. As the story unfolds it makes you feel as if you are getting closer to finding answers to our existence finally. The plot however has something else in store for you. And it is a big fat blunt satire on our loneliness. We are alone and all we have is each other. That is the penultimate truth.

Wormhole was never explored like this before. How time plays tricks on you, powerful representation of anomalies, the wickedness of human mind when left alone in despair(that #Damon bit), how the music of nature (the rain, the thunder and the cricket chirping noise) makes you feel home, the conundrum of our purpose, the humour of TARS, the physics that touches almost every part in the flick, the poetry of the brave and wise through Dylan Thomas's words, superb lamenting conversations, and the brain-wrecking revelations in the end - every little detail has been exemplified with proper logical explanations and shown on a platter of sensations.

Emotional surge is strong, and with a power pack performance by McConnaughey everything uplifts. Bits of a father-daughter melodrama are the most feeling kind. Shatters you from the inside, as you empathize with the protagonist's tears. Zimmer touches your heart with his profound score. Notes are so brilliant that they put you right into the flick. This too would sit amongst Zimmer's best works.

It is one of the most ambitious projects that would be remembered in impending debates for the intricacies it touches and the science it explores. Nolan is certainly one of a kind director, a great gift to mankind, a wise man who wouldn't go gentle into that good night. Kudos to yet another mammoth achievement! 

Interstellar is a spectacular viscerally and emotionally powerful sci-fi movie-going experience that demands full immersion. Like all Nolan's movies, its strongest qualities are a uniquely thought-provoking and grand plot with a centered emotional heart peppered with poignant one-liners that force the audience to question the world and their place in it. Also like most Nolan movies, its weaker parts are comprised of somewhat contrived and sloppy dialogue and questionable pacing. Some have expressed distaste with the amount of exposition as well, however I am less inclined to fault a movie with such large and far reaching ideas for packaging these ideas in a way the audience will at least to some degree understand. In a 3 hour movie you don't have the time to fully flesh out ideas naturally that may be completely foreign to the audience, thus heavier than normal exposition is needed to make sure the they are properly strapped in for the ride.

The audiovisual experience of Interstellar (especially on an IMAX screen) is bar none. Perhaps only Avatar and Gravity could be said to be on a similar plane, but given the great attention to scientific detail of the subject matter here and the fact that recreating Black and worm holes has actually given rise to breakthroughs is studies on the subjects puts Interstellar in a league of its own.

The story is as ambitious as they come for this day and age. There has not been, and is not likely soon be, another movie of this scope and originality in a blockbuster format (with A-list actors performing at their best and a nearly $200 million budget). Detailing more would be a disservice (though at this point you've likely read more elsewhere), but suffice to say it is truly exciting that a movie like this could be made.

Like most things, what you get out of Interstellar will likely come from what you expect out of it. If you're looking for plot holes you'll find them (though debate could rage on for days about whether they're really holes or can be explained by current or possible future science). If you're looking for constant hi-octane action you won't find that here. If you're expecting neatly put together dialogue and characters you're likely to be disappointed, because that's not what Nolan's about.

Interstellar, like his other movies, is about stretching what a movie going experience (and indeed reality itself) can be. It is best viewed with an open and contemplative mind and wide eyes and ears. It offers a glimpse of the universe we've not previously perceived, and it can spawn threads of thought that otherwise may not have found footing while taking you on a grandly entertaining narrative journey. If that is valuable to you, then Interstellar will offer up one of the best movie-going experiences that can be had.

Yet another beautiful looking adventure from the mind of Christopher Nolan. Unfortunately, it's as wordy and overly complex as Inception.

The problem that I seem to have with Nolan's most recent films is that he tends to rely solely on intense imagery and excessive dialogue to drive his stories. His all-star cast becomes relegated to the duty of trying to explain the plot to the viewer while performing supplemental tasks or strolling around like an Allen Sorkin walk-and-talk. His characters are simply used as vehicles to push his convoluted plotline, and any real connection or empathy with them is suppressed by the importance to explain an excessively wordy exposition. What makes a great film is when great actors (not necessarily famous ones) weave into great characters that effortlessly escort the viewer into their world. Although there were some performances in the film that were admirable, Interstellar seemed to merely test the actor's ability to recite lines, not showcase their talents.

The best quality of any Nolan film, especially with Interstellar, is his use and non-use of sound. He's brilliant in understanding when sound and music are needed, and tends to have an "Easter egg" meaning to his scores. The cinematography is beautiful, and his use of unique over the shoulder camera angles is perfectly fitting. For these things I commend Nolan, as anyone should.

Maybe Interstellar is a perfect or above average movie for some people, but I feel that films like these are highly praised based on their blockbuster status, much like a pair of designer jeans or a fancy sports car. Christopher Nolan is a great writer and director, but for my taste and his future, I think he will have to reinvent his ability to tell stories and create new ideas. Interstellar seems to have been conceived after taking a long nap during a Cosmos marathon. Luckily for Nolan, he is able to call up his regular all-star cast, sprinkle in some famous boys from Boston, add a Michael Caine crying scene and push out a beautiful looking yet pretentiously wordy film whenever he comes up with a crazy idea.

Very good sci-fi movie. Comparable to Space Odyssey, but much more appealing to today's reality of space travel. Diverse plot, and current action over multiple locations. Might seen a bit spread out and confusing, yet keeps attention to the very end.

However I have to subtract 2 points because of authors making science their b****. It is ironical especially if we put it against the movie plot. Make a 100% accurate move, or 0% like Star Wars. Pretending to be accurate, stating on law of physics and braking it in the next scene is really silly to watch.

While there is perhaps some plot "confusion" in the film, Interstellar is a visceral and visual space epic thats scope is as big as the universe its characters reach. Nolan shoots and scores as he combines emotion and science fiction seamlessly and tells a wonderfully impactful story. Perhaps its only flaw is that its material can be a lot comprehend at times but, in the end, the story comes full circle. Outstanding.

“Interstellar” is truly an epic, not in the sense of what we initially think of as an epic, for example “Ben Hur” or perhaps even “2001: A Space Odyssey” (a film which it is worth pointing out I haven’t seen), but more in the sense of how when I think back to “Interstellar”, I think of those visually captivating shots of black, of the unknown and of those desolate landscapes made of water and ice, and how I found myself in awe of them. It is these that come to define “Interstellar”.
Set in the near future, Earth cannot sustain humanity anymore, and it’s worth praising Nolan’s subtle view of it, be it seeing the New York Yankees playing on an amateur field or discovering that the Apollo missions were faked to bankrupt the Soviet Union, which Cooper (played by Matthew McConaughey) denies. This scene, whilst allowing for a sense of character development in regards to Cooper, in retrospect seems to be Nolan emphasising how he sticks to the traditional elements of film and he does so more than ever in this film, from building several rooms of a spaceship from scratch to using five industrial fans to create a dust storm, thus attributing even more of the credit for the film to him.
Yet as I expected, it proves very difficult for members of this all-star cast to break through both the visually stunning shots and the label of Christopher Nolan, and be noticed. Only McConaughey succeeds in doing so, although Mackenzie Foy (playing a young Murphy) and Bill Irwin (voicing the robot, TARS) deserve mentions, as does to an extent Michael Caine (playing Professor Brand) and his recital of Dylan Thomas’ “Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night”, although I still don’t entirely understand its inclusion, leaving big names such as Casey Affleck (playing Tom) and even Jessica Chastain (playing Murphy) “down in the dirt”.
Interstellar is a quintessentially Nolan film, meant to be seen on IMAX, imposing those classic Nolan themes of love and family whilst asking questions that I have not seen asked before, in this case winding up the scientists, although it is interesting to note that Nolan answers them by playing with several theories, instead of just getting the science completely wrong, as is so common. Yet the film is so Nolan that it takes that extra unnecessary step that Nolan always has present in his work, be it taking the audience to Limbo in Inception or by adding the twist of Miranda Tate (played by Marion Cotillard) turning out to be Talia al Ghul in The Dark Knight Rises.
Before I conclude, I think it is important to make this point in regards to Nolan and his (future) works. He has begun, whether he means it or not, to dwarf his own cast and to an extent his own themes and his commitment to traditional film elements. The amount of hype that goes into his films is widespread and if he isn’t careful, his future works could take a turn for the worse.
As I have already said, Nolan always takes that extra unnecessary step, one that I don’t think I would be so sympathetic with if it was another director, yet the brilliance of what comes before it makes up for it, often leaving me in that No Man’s Land of whether the film was worth 9 or 10 stars.

Nolan takes you on a journey of beauty and serenity, travelling the vast depths of interstellar travel with undertones of reaping emotion and intensity, it's a a nearby perfected masterpiece. Driven with ambition, and with the backbone of such a stellar cast and nail biting dramatic score, Interstellar could potentially be this year's biggest movie and is expected to rack up a couple of Oscars in the process.

 This is another classic Nolan film. It was extremely well acted and well written. Of course, with any film this ambitious, some things are not going to click with some viewers. The concepts in this film are often unbelievable, but that's the point. Some confusing story lines could have been better defined, but any sci-fi fan can enjoy this film. 

Interstellar is a spectacle, it combines raw emotion with the extreme sights of space travel. The plot of the film is simple, Matthew Mcconaughey must travel through a wormhole with Anne Hathaway and his crew into another galaxy in order to find a new home for mankind, as the planet is dying. Cooper (Mcconaughey's character) must choose to leave behind his young children in order to possibly save them from having a terrible future, due to lack of food and dust storms. The science is fairly spot on, and tries to explain the properties of black holes, worm holes and gravity to the viewer, in order to understand what is going on. The visuals in this film are superb, along with the audio, although at times the audio did seem a little off early in the film during the scenes on earth.

The one thing that really grabbed my attention, was the original design of the robots on the spacecraft, TARS and CASE. Robotically I have never seen a design similar to theirs, the way they walk, control things and help the humans is truly amazing. The acting is strong throughout, however some may find the use of sentiment and certain emotional scenes to be possibly cheesy or over the top in some cases. Overall a great space epic, about emotion, family, science and sentiment that leaves you leaving the cinema in awe. 

Very enjoyable film that actually is worth the 10$ ticket.
Excellent cast, sophisticated ideas and plot.
After nearly 3 hours of watching this film I was still begging for more.

 One of, if not the best movie I have seen in 2014. I don't mind that they are quite liberal with their scientific explanations. Who cares? It is not meant to be ralistic, it is meant to be entertaining and hell it was.
The only thing that was too hollywood was the cheesy "love travels time and space"-thing. The movie would have worked completely without this pseudo deep message. Anyway, it was a great movie and recommand to anyone who enjoys scifi drama.
If you are looking for a scientifically accurate documentation like space movie, you are wrong here.

For "Interstellar", Christopher Nolan had inspiration on Stanley Kubrick's "2001 - A Space Odyssey", and gat's it just okay. A human story about science, relationships and love. Nolan mix all these three ingredients and gets "Interstellar". It's beautiful, superb and extremely realistic. All those years of research about gravity, worm holes and black holes were worth it. The second time you watch this movie, it will be better then the first one. Enjoy the ride.

 This movie was slow, but because it was well written and had good sound design and special effects, I'll let it slide.This is a mst see for any sci fi fan out there 

 The visual effects are astonishing! It was so glorious to look at! However, I found the plot to be confusing at times but the father/daughter relationship was really well done and I was emotionally invested in the two. 

I, personally, found this movie breathtaking. I will not try to impress anyone with Webster's Dictionary cited words, unlike many of these reviews. This movie was thoroughly thought out and must have taken a great deal of creativity and research. A large deal of the negative reviews for this movie are pointing out scientific "inaccuracies". I can understand how someone who strongly believes in a certain theory may dislike the claims this movie, but those claims are what make this movie wonderful. Space is impossible to truly comprehend, No human has ever been through a wormhole, nor inside a black hole therefore they cannot judge Nolan's theories of these things for they can only attempt to dispel them with theories of their own.

 Power, emotional, and philosophica - this film is very creative. It may not work around all the egdes, but it's definately worth watching. However, it's not an explosive, high adventure, type of movie. It's an emotional melodrama that may leave you wanting to cry at the end, especially if you understand how strong a father, daughter relationship can be. 

Whilst undoubtedly an amazing feat production-wise, this - for me - is without a doubt Christopher Nolan's poorest movie to date. The smugness of Mathew McConaughey doesn't do the film any favours either. There are a couple of touching moments and the storyline - whilst riddled with a few question marks - has to be applauded. But this is no jaw-dropper like Inception or Memento. A big disappointment for a huge Chris Nolan fan.

 This was an extremely enjoyable movie, but it was not perfectly made. The biggest flaws lie in the acting. Matthew McConaughey looked like he was having a stroke every time that he cried, and when Matt Damon cried, it was also very unrealistic. I also did not enjoy some of the visual effects, as some (like the docking sequences) looked like kids playing with toys. I really also feel that the ending was sort of rushed, like they were getting too close to three hours, so they had to cut it off. There are many positives to this film, however. Jessica Chastain, who I do not usually enjoy, delivered a really good performance. The score by Hans Zimmer was amazing. I also loved some of the scientific explanations given. I did not see a lot of the twists that came in the plot, and that is unusual. Overall, this enjoyable film has its flaws and strengths, and deserves a watch from everyone. 

Is this a sci-fi? A love story? An action movie? In Interstellar, Christopher Nolan combines all of these into a thrilling adventure across the universe to find the Earth a new home.
This seamless combination of a visually spectacular action movie, a father-daughter relationship stretched across the universe and an epic sci-fi makes Interstellar one of the most ambitious films in history.
This is without even mentioning the scientific attention to detail that Nolan, his team and Prof. Kip Thorne put into the screenplay. The theories which amounted to Interstellar's thoroughly engaging narrative were all remarkably realistic once you'd put your head around it, and any idea which seemed unfeasible at first was justified in the book that accompanied Interstellar's release.
Although the ending of Interstellar could be seen as inappropriate for the plot, you could just as easily argue that it was necessary for rounding the action off and making it appeasing for those whom find the Cooper's love for his children the centrepiece of the story. Still, it could have been better as an ending, but given that everything else in the movie is pretty damn awesome we can let it slide.
Nolan was aiming for Interstellar to sit amongst his favourite sci-fi '2001: A Space Odyssey', and they show many similarities in that regard. However, Nolan's ability to attract all audiences and mould genres together to form a beautiful, engaging story which remains both challenging (in a good way) and interesting throughout puts Interstellar at the forefront of science fiction movies to date. It becomes one of those movies that sticks with you for years; and I hope it has the same effect on others it did on me.

Interstellar is truly a sci-fi epic like no other. To compare said film to '2001: A Space Odyssey' isn't just a disservice, but unnecessary. The films are almost nothing alike, simply sharing small plot elements. Also, Stanley Kubrick's vision of Arthur C. Clarke's sci-fi epic wasn't to ponder the philosophical questions that accompanied the story, but to make art, and art is was, and is. With Interstellar, Mr. Nolan set out to make his most personal and emotional film to date about love and time (time being a recurring theme throughout all of Nolan's films). But it's so much more than that too. There are no words to express the epic journey Nolan takes us on in the film, but needless to say, it's tear-jerking and emotional throughout. The acting is top-notch, especially McConaughey, who gives (I would say) his most emotional performance yet. But the actor who stole the show in a few scenes (one in particular, when they're on an alien planet) was David Gyasi as Romilly, one of the astronauts aboard the Endurance, their spacecraft. The musical score from Hans Zimmer is, without a doubt, his best and most influential work to date, helping drive the film's bold and breath-taking vision (the church organ helped significantly). The visual effects are easily the best to date as well, and of the year. To see a black hole created through visual effects in such a way, with pages theoretical equations provided by Kip Thorne (theoretical physicist, of whom's work inspired the film's genesis); what you see in the film is the most realistic depiction of a black hole, and even offered new insight to accretion discs surrounding the anomalies. But even everything else, from the alien planets to the Endurance, the visuals always look real. Then, there's the writing. I would definitely have to say this has some of the best dialogue i've ever heard in a sci-fi movie, and the script continually pours or oozes emotion, keeping the audience tethered to the film.

Now, about Mr. Nolan. Don't just look at Nolan, but look at his films. Some say Inception would be his masterpiece, while others would say it's The Dark Knight, or Memento. But honestly, every single film Christopher Nolan has directed is a masterpiece not of its genre, but of Nolan. Following is his quiet masterpiece, not the film that put Mr. Nolan on the map as a phenomenal director, but one people visited or revisited after becoming accustomed to Nolan, after seeing Memento, what could be called his breakout masterpiece. Then, right after, he directed the remake of the Norwegian thriller, Insomnia. This, too, could be considered a masterpiece, even if a remake. Then, we were given his take on the Batman universe, starting with Batman Begins, the origin masterpiece. Then, there's The Prestige, adapted from the novel of the same name, which can be called his dark masterpiece. The Dark Knight, his bold masterpiece; Inception, his complex masterpiece, and The Dark Knight Rises, his flawed masterpiece. Now, we have Interstellar, his emotional or personal masterpiece.

This is just my looking at Nolan and his films, but whatever your thoughts are, you can't deny Interstellar is one hell of a journey. He certainly is one of the best filmmakers of our time, and of all time. I can't wait to see what he does next, but i'm not sure it will be as emotionally powerful as Interstellar.

Thank God for Christopher Nolan. It's been so long since I've left a theater with the sense of wonder, awe, and excitement that this movie inspires.

Take yourself to the movie, leave the plot point busting and science fact checking for the others, sit back, and enjoy a truly original and emotional experience presented by a genius.

 What a beautiful, enthralling epic Interstellar is. This was my most anticipated movie of the year and despite other reviews being mixed or mixed to positive I believe this to be one of the best movies of the year! Christopher Nolan has created another masterful film and a movie I will not forget anytime soon. 

I am a sci-fi but just couldn't buy much if any of the story line or science in this film. Why did time fly by so fast on the water planet but apparently not so fast on the ice planet or on the ship while traveling out there? From what I understand of the theory is that time passes by relatively slower when traveling faster than the speed of light. And why faster while on a planet surface than on the ship. How was the ship not demolished by the tidal wave? How did Murph get to be such an educated physicist in a school that denied the existence of the Apollo missions? Ejecting yourself in a black hole across the galaxy has you winding up at a doorway in time behind the bookshelf of your daughter's bedroom and how did he even get back after that? Some have commented that folks that complained that the movie was convoluted or overly complex are just not smart enough to understand the movie. I would counter that merely throwing out complex concepts applied inconsistently in a random fashion does not constitute a great "thought provoking" film, especially with all the gaping holes in the plot itself. The only thought it provoked in me after about an hour or so was how I could apply the science in the movie to speed up time to get this movie over with?

This. Is. The. Movie. Of. The. Decade.
I was getting a little skeptical about the end, but they pulled it off.
Amazing effects, story, characters, everything came together perfect.

One of the best films I have ever seen in my life. This movie should be rated a lot higher than the given score it currently has. After watching this film, I can now die happy.

 Through wormhole to an Exoplanet and falling into a black hole. Epicness at Its best. Nolan did the job again and proved himself. Awesome Story and Plot, direction is best, And the characters are amazing. Best sci fi movie in which everything is explained in so much detail. A must watch! 

 This movie show the danger and beauty that awaits us at the same time. Consequences that are inevitable. Written and directed very good - a high level. Emotions border with a very good sense. I suppose that the film gets low ratings from people who do not understand some of the issues of modern science and think that this is fiction - here you are wrong. The film is an artistic vision that humankind will follow having so many misunderstand on Earth ;) 

Interstellar, taking sci-fi by the throat and giving us something we have never seen before and doubtfully ever will again. I followed this movie since I knew it was in production. I have grown to have great confidence in Christopher Nolan and his abilities as a director, and as a writer, not to mention his brother who helped him with this one. Quite ambitious to make a movie about a worm hole, even more so that the human race depends on what is on the other end for survival. My mind was blown, such a large scale with very rich and deep emotion for each character. The grandeur and the detail supersedes anything I've ever seen before. Just when you think this movie is a little too tame, it flips you over. Isn't as structurally sound as some of his others, but this is flat out incredible. Only the best of the best can take these components and make a movie out of it. And not just a movie, a great movie. Worth a watch.

Everything about this movie is of high quality: the acting, story, visuals, music, etc. By far the best science fiction movie I have ever seen. A very pleasant surprise out of Hollywood where the normal sci-fi is a bunch of people or aliens running around shooting colored beams at each other. Interstellar is a tremendous work of art and, as a bonus, a good showing of the consequences of general relativity.

Everything about this movie is of high quality: the acting, story, visuals, music, etc. By far the best science fiction movie I have ever seen. A very pleasant surprise out of Hollywood where the normal sci-fi is a bunch of people or aliens running around shooting colored beams at each other. Interstellar is a tremendous work of art and, as a bonus, a good showing of the consequences of general relativity.

 Even though the plot of Interstellar is very straight forward I was very delighted as the depiction of the science in the film. Granted the film makers took several liberties to promote good story telling but overall it was done very well. I have read other reviews addressing the middle portion being slow and boring but the producers of the film had to describe what was going on to a very broad general audience. The average person on the street will not "understand" what the producers are trying to illustrate for a fairly complex concept. The depiction of gravitation lensing on the black hole was very well done. This film is not typical popcorn fair and it makes you think long after the lights come back on in the theater. There is a lot going on with this film on several levels and was a joy to view. 

 pits the best movie I have watched for a while. It makes you think about the future and the universe differently and I walked out of the theater with an entire different prospective on life. Great movie and must watch 

 A fantastic, thought-provoking film with an original story. Not a second in this film is short of thrilling, not to mention the magnificent, operatic score. To top it all off, this film has the aptest and profoundest recitation of "Do not go gentle into that good night" by Dylan Thomas--really gripping! I highly recommend this film. 

Nolan nos da um presente de ficção científica incrível, tanto na sua parte visual como em seu complexo enredo, e também há algumas referências ao clássico 2001 - Uma Odisseia no Espaço.

O filme é incrível e vale muito a pena.

 This movie made me cry. I don't cry. The story went on and on and never got boring. I loved watching it, so much suspense. Loved it loved it loved it!! 

Interstellar is one of those rare movies where I was truly suffering from a case of sensory overload. The science has been, for the most part, back up by scientists. Neil DeGrasse Tyson compliment the movie and he said he enjoyed it greatly.

The humor is brief but truly sits with you for awhile and the laughs you have are genuine. From is time on Earth to is time in Space, it's a ride I didn't want to get off.

The first planet was the most unique take on a planets ocean system that I've ever seen be done in a movie. Remembering that this planet was near a blackhole with massive gravity only led me more towards the amazing things that were happening on it.

The special guest actor was fantastic, and I won't spoil anything, but you have never hated a man and ever felt more for a man in your entire life.

The second planet was impressive as well, but we didn't get to experience it as much as we did the first planet. It was still memorable. I plan on seeing this movie many more times before it's out of the theater, I love it that much.

This movie gets very emotional at times where the main guy, Coop, must leave his daughter behind. There are two story lines going on, with one being the most focus. Even I, a man that likes to think he doesn't cry often, teared of every time they did.

The final scene involving Coop with someone very special, was the most emotional part of the entire movie for me, I thought I was going to break down.

10/10 will see again.

I feel this is a masterpiece and one of the best science fiction movies ever made. I was expecting something turgid and nonsensical reading some of the reviews beforehand. I'm so glad they were wrong.

How this film didn't score twice as highly as the overrated thrill ride of Gravity I will never know! The plot and subtext of Gravity could be written on a beer mat. Intestellar is weight sci fi tome. An ode to wonder, time and love. Don't listen to the ridiculous berks who slate this film. I can only assume Nolan has reached the point of saturation where it's become fashionable to hate him.

This film has it all - the ambition to show other worlds in a way we've never seen before, womholes, massive black holes, mile high tidal waves, dazzlin space vistas, and at the centre amazing performances by all the actors involved, especially McCaugnehey. It's also a film that means something, with a a complex and deep message about the human instinct for survival, ingenuity and the current threat to our planet. Oh and some of the best onscreen robots since the Star Wars droids.

I can understand that some people who know nothing about physics, or who don't want to think and want answers on a plate might not like this film. It's closest to 2001 but in my opinion much better. Don't expect Guardians of the Galaxy. If you like serious sci-fi. philosophical films that will linger with you, or have ever dreamt of the stars, you must see this film. I'm seeing it again tomorrow.

 Well directed, great visual effects, and filled with amazing performances, this is a beautiful film with a complex, original plot with your typical Christopher Nolan plot twists. Nonetheless, this is a film that cannot be missed. It's truly one of the best films of 2014. 

 I understand why some people don't like this film, but for me personally, this is one of the all time greatest films ever made. That's really all I can say about it. 

I really liked the overall concept of the movie. I was essentially constantly on edge and wondering what the next steps would be. The movie came together really nicely in the end. Sure there are things that don't make scientific sense and if you think too hard (e.g. how can humans travel through a worm hole but not find a better way to grow food, or what is the background of the Earth's deterioration, etc) then the film becomes less of what it sets out to be. So in that regard some things could have been ironed out. But really you don't see this type of movie everyday. It is of very very high quality and I enjoyed it very much. It has a long run time but really doesn't feel long at all. Acting was amazing. Characters are very believable with great stories each and they are easy to get emotionally attached to. And again the underlying plot is extremely interesting and well done. Highly recommend. 

 Sure, Nolan's massive sci-fi epic is an imperfect film with its off-beat structure and stuffed-to-the-gills plot. Though it is also a masterful achievement in the artistic field of film, with impossibly memorable imagery, a haunting central performance from Matthew McConaughey, and a truly impactful thematic premise. Simply remarkable. 

 The movie was amazing! Was disappointed with TDKR, and didn´t have big expectations for Interstellar, but I was totally blown away. The ending was a little bit simple but its still the best movie I have seen in years. 

 Frankly I'm speechless. With a metascore of only 73, I was expecting nothing more than just a fun sci-fi film. I was so wrong; it blew me away. The first two hours of the movie are entertaining, sure. However, there is a point where the film goes from great to unbelievable. The ending in particular is amazing, rivaling the endings to classic films like "2001: A Space Odyssey". 

Interstellar is a mind-blowing movie. It slowly opened up my mind & my heart.At the beginning it was literally boring, but as you sit down and try to understand the journey,you're actually exploring.This movie makes me feel 'exploring' throughout 3 hours of the movie. Besides, it also emphasized on the family relationship, looking through your children's eyes when you're a parent. It might be seen as a complex idea, but it worth the time of watching it. Again, Hans Zimmer made a tremendous job on affecting the emotion, the music makes it alive.

Christopher Nolan's Interstellar is a awe-inspiring, powerful, and thought-provoking film that leans heavily on the human emotions. Now of course people will compare this to Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A space Odyssey and why i do think Interstellar is an amazing film i don't think its on the level of Kubrick's 2001 but while others see this as a bad thing i don't and i wish that wasn't something people judge the film by.

Interstellar opens up in the near future on a dying earth which cannot sustain life for much longer with food becoming scarce and frequent major dust storms it's reminiscent of the 1930's Dust Bowl only worse. The film follows Cooper (McConaughey) a former NASA test pilot and engineer who is now a farmer that lives with his daughter Murph, his son Tom, and his father-in-law Donald. This is where we spend the first 30-40 minutes of the film that serves as the set-up for things come and while nothing really amazing happens here this is where the film builds on its emotion of love with Cooper and his daughter which ends up being the whole underlining theme of the movie. I can understand why people don't like the whole "love theme" of the movie but to those people i want to know if they even understand the movie itself?

Now after using a wormhole or should i say the sphere-hole the group which consists of Amelia (Anne Hathaway), Romilly (David Gyasi), Doyle (Wes Bentley), and TARS a walking, talking, pillar-like, robot thingy they find themselves searching 3 earth like planet to see which one is habitable. On the first planet they show off time relativity which was a really cool thing but this was where i had my first problem with the film, that being the pacing of it. Alright so basically for every hour they spend on this planet 7 years will have passed on earth and of course after something goes wrong on the planet some of the group gets stuck there for what seems like 20 minutes but in fact is like 4-5 hours so in total they end up spending almost 24 years on that planet and that's my problem with it at no point did it feel like they were on that planet for 4-5 hours maybe 2 or 3 hours at the most.

Now i wont go into much more into this as it will be giving away key parts of the story and i don't want to do that to a movie like this. I will say though that the ride doesn't end there and if anything it just keeps getting crazier and crazier for me the movie felt a lot like Inception by which i mean the different layers the film has. I'm not sure if others feel like this too i don't know maybe its just me but that does bring me to my next point. Just like Inception i feel like Interstellar will get a love it or hate it reception by this i mean since its like Inception people will end up finding its story too complex and hard to follow but for me i was able to follow this movie just fine even with all the scientific space talk it has.

Its visuals were jaw dropping to say the least i love how great Nolan gets his movies to look with filming on film rather than digital like most movies nowadays. Film gives you something different something digital has yet to offer it just sucks that more and more studios are trying to push digital because its cheaper and more efficient but its great that some of the best directors still around like Nolan, Scorsese, and Tarantino still love to use film lets hope it doesn't fade away with titans like them still using it. Now onto the Score by Hans Zimmer while i did absolutely love it i did feel like there was a bit too much of it being used in the film by that i mean i would have liked a few more silent scenes of the spaceship just spinning around with the earth in the background or when its just out in space something to give off that "there is no sound is space" feel but other than that the score was perfection. One more thing i was hoping for in the movie was that there were more scenes of stars, galaxies, and of just being in space in general, although the movie takes place in space a lot of it is spent either inside the ship or on a planet so you don't get that full immersed feeling but what we do get to see like the wormhole, the space-warp, and the few shots of planets, its just simply amazing to look at but i do understand that if they add those scenes it would only slow done a film that was already approaching 3 hours... still though i personally would have loved it.

The overall acting was solid but that's to be expected with so many great actors and with most already having worked with Nolan on previous films that wouldn't be an issue. Yes of course Matthew McConaughey does another great acting performance but thats nothing to be surprised by anymore the guy has seriously turned his acting career around but Mackenzie Foy's acting performance as young Murphy was something i was moved by she is quite a talented young actress for sure someone to keep an eye out for later roles.

Overall i give it a 9.0 I had a longer review but again cut short by meta

Hands down best movie I have ever seen. Interstellar was visually stimulating, emotionally captivating, awe inspiring, and intellectually brilliant. Christopher Nolan has out done himself, and the acting was superb, Mathew McConaughey's best performance to date. I will admit the movie is a bit lengthy, topping off at 169 minutes. But with a story so complex and exhilarating, I don't see how it could have been done in a shorter period of time. Interstellar is everything we want a space travel movie to be-adventurous, dramatic, suspenseful, visually pleasing, and realistic. If you ever wanted to go up into space, interstellar can provide you with that experience. 

Christopher Nolan is GENIUS!! I knew I loved Inception and Batman: The Dark Knight Trilogy, but he has outdone himself with Interstellar. I recommend everyone see this film. Regardless of where you stand on issues such as these, this movie will make you think about the human race and its current trajectory in relationship to how we continue abusing the Earth and its finite resources. Do I think that an apocalyptic event is going to happen soon, I am not sure...only the Lord does. But I do realize that we as humans who continue to pursue life in a ultra over-consumerism manner are headed for some tough times if not already. Overall I think this movie will at least make you wonder what preservation of human life would take and whether we can reverse our destructive thinking.

Interstellar, in every way, shape, and form deserves a full 10 out of 10. Not only is this movie one of Nolan's best pieces, but one of the best movies, I believe, ever made. The stunning cinematography, superb acting (McConaughey, you've done it again), mind boggling concepts, and heart pounding story line all work together to form this cinematic masterpiece. This movie will tear at your…

This is one of the best movies of 2014 so far. The acting is great, the story is great and you really but into the relationship between Matthew and his daughter. This is a must see.
9/10

 Breathtaking cinematics, astounding acting, a musical score that puts you on the edge of your seat, and a journey into the science of the cosmos. This movie is simply amazing. For those that didn't understand the science surrounding the movie, I feel sorry for you. It's time to pick up a book and/or go back to school. 

Wow! This is definitely a very epic movie. This movie is just perfect, I couldnt find anything that's bad about it. The story line 100% authentic and fascinating, the actors, the scenes, the sound are epic. After almost 3 hours I felt like I could watch another 3 hours, I felt so exciting the whole length of the movie and had to watch it another five times. Just cant get enough of this master piece! 

This movie is fantastic, its really epic in scale and story, with a really intelligent and well executed plot. It is a long film, but I was engrossed for the whole film. The cinematography, special effects, acting and sound are all spot on and it reminded me of 2001 in scale and sonically. I think the robots may be a nod to the black monoliths in 2001 helping the cast push further and further into space. If you're a sci-fi fan, don't miss this! It is a long film with quite a complex plot (that does hang together and doesn't fall apart like Gone Girl) and is one of the best films I've seen in years for the spectacle and pulling off a complex plot very well.

I thought this was the best film of the year. I knew within the first fifteen minutes that it had potential to soar and it did. The plot twists caught me off guard and the final hour was an emotional bombshell. I am a highly educated person but I did not care if the science was accurate or not. Several times I had tears in my eyes as the emotional aspects of humanity powered through the scenes. I did not expect such a great movie.

nterstellar is similar to Avatar and Prometheus in that it's full of impressive visuals and epic music and high-concept dialogue and environments -- but not much else. All three of these movies commit the sin of trying to substitute a setting for a plot, hoping that we'll be so blown away by the exotic universes they're depicting that we won't notice the thin storylines and unmemorable characters. There is no excuse for this: the greatest sci-fi movies, such as the original Star Wars trilogy, did not skimp on either setting *or* plot and are great for that reason. Sadly, it's been some time since such movies were regularly made.

One of the hokiest pieces of sci-fi crud I have ever seen. It is sort of a mash between Gravity, Star Trek and The Matrix except that these movies had more credulity. If you think that love is one of the basic dimensions of the universe along with space and time, you'll probably love the movie. If not, give this show a miss as you'll puke at all the sentimentalism. Regarding the acting, Matthew McConaughey is awful as an astronaut with a southern drawl, and appearing in this movie hasn't helped Jessica Chastain's and Anne Hathaway's career any. They should have known better.

 It's the best movie I have seen in many years. There are some details I didn't like, but that doesn't matter when looking at the movie as a whole. I think it's what science fiction should be, opening up your mind to new concepts. The story is also very touching. 

Interstellar is a vast, ambitious and flawed movie. Matthew McConaughey once again delivers an absolutely fantastic, heartfelt performance. He's absolutely the best thing about the movie. The problems are the runtime, the movie's nearly 3 hours long and while it never really drags, it can be a lot to sit through. Some of logic begins to deteriorate a little bit in the end as well, it's not quite as on point as Inception was. Still, it's Christopher Nolan making yet another good movie, and it's worth checking out.

 Another absolutely amazing movie by Christopher Nolan. The story, score, acting, visual effects were all stunning. The movie boggles the mind and leaves you thinking about it days after. This is a movie that I will no doubt watch time and time again. 

Just wow. Bravo. I don't think I could ever be disappointed with any Christopher Nolan film. He raises the bar every time he releases a new installment in his collection of supreme films. The writing, visuals, immersion, research, realism, and performances is beyond any other recent films' integrity. The emotional and sophisticated impact this movie sustains is just great. I am obsessing I know, but I just haven't seen such a fantastic movie in a long time lol. Matthew McConaughey was a great choice for the lead role, but to also mention the rest of the casts job well done.

 Absolutely stunning special effects, brilliant plot, and score. If you haven't seen it yet go see it now! I have never been more captured by a movie, rooting for the characters from start to finish!  

 Amazing Movie. It leaves you with a lot of feelings and questions about existence.Nolan again gives the audience something fresh and visionary.Pure Sci-Fi. Pure Nolan. Pure Gold 

Epic movie, complemented by sound and deft directing, casting, script, and science. Having studied physics for over 3 decades and a graduate from Berkeley with honors, I've learned about string theory and Relativity among various other popular theoretical science theories; it's rare to find a director with enough grasp of the concepts to so thoughtfully and carefully apply them in a way that's compelling and entertaining to the layman. And then to be able to tie these physics concepts in to humanity and who how it can affect our lives...Nolan is comparable to Einstein in the genius and depth of his work. I think what Nolan has done, will not only increase the interest in the space program as he intended, but it helps advance our society by increasing the interest highest level of physics, which is pivotal for the advancement of our civilization. I was so entertained by this movie and think it deserves Best Picture at the Academy Awards.

This movie knocked it out of the park for me. You can watch it as a skeptic though. And you certainly can't watch it trying to figure out all the science they are laying down, cause you won't. But if you allow yourself to be drawn into the world and lives of Interstellar then you will not be disappointed. I was deeply, deeply moved emotionally multiple times throughout the film. One dramatic scene, I felt like I was right there with them, on the literal edge of my seat, waiting, nervously, to see what was going to happen.

This is film making at it's best. It's not perfect, no movie ever is, but Nolan really comes close.

an absolutely brilliant film, left me speechless..
i had been looking forward to this film since i saw the first trailer, and had been counting down the days till i could finally go see it
so i go and see it, and honestly i have never watched a film so emotional and breathtaking in my life.. i've seen in 5 times and it still leaves me flabbergasted everytime i see it
10/10 no doubt

 Interstellar might have been one big step for mankind; Christopher Nolan gave us a very authentic representation of what space looks like. Despite, the movie is just a big intellectual theory. 

 This was an unimaginably beautiful, intriguing, and intense film. Despite being a three hour movie, it keeps your attention with twists, breathtaking imagery, and thought-provoking themes. If you have a developed attention span and an open mind, you'd be a fool to not see this. Interstellar is the best movie I've seen all year. 

I can only pity those so-called critics who criticize a movie based on its science. They see if THEY UNDERSTAND IT or NOT, although it has been, even theoretically, proven. Yeah, sure, the science goes a bit out of the head, but it is enough to keep you going, enough to keep you hooked, enough to get shocked in the end.

This movie, take my word, is a damn masterpiece. Sci-fi at its consummate. Perfect 10. Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise. Christopher Nolan has done it again, even better. In the run for maybe 4 Oscars, at least. Maybe more. Maybe more.

 Christopher Nolan is amazing. His Inception movie and Dark Knight trilogy movies is what got me to watch this movie in theaters. Not only does this movie have great actors, a terrific story line, great scenes, a twist in the ending, but also it really gets you thinking about the Universe and time. Great movie! 

I just returned home from the theaters. I don't know what to do with myself. Never has a movie left me feeling so insignificant and small. My friends and I left the theater in total awe. What Nolan has done is amazing. Creating a film about the relativity of time and the literal insignificance of what one hour on Earth may be to a moon rock floating six billion miles away. The scary thing is, what felt like a week to Mathew's character, Cooper, was just around 100 years relative to Earth. The film is astonishing. Recommending it to everyone. Brilliantly cast and acted, a truly remarkable milestone in storytelling. Well done.

This is one of a kind movie. Interstellar comes from a director whose work's been fantastic since the beginning of his career, from The Following, to The Prestige; from The Dark Knight Trilogy to Inception. What I love about Nolan is that he builds his own worlds in such a marvellous - very well thoughtful and entertaining way that it is almost impossible to not leave the theatre without wanting to go back once again.

Enjoy this visually and breathtaking masterpiece, brilliantly acted by leading actor Matthew Mcconaughey, with a MAGNIFICENT soundtrack by Hans Zimmer and a very well unexplored theme that is always captivating in Nolan's films.

Mr. Nolan has proven himself once again, as why he is one of the greatest directors of our time.

Despite a few narrative bumps and a third act not everyone will be on board with, Interstellar is an incredible visual, auditory, and emotional journey into space. And it's one hell of a ride that will probably stick with me years after my first time watching it. The characters felt so real and sympathetic, and you want them to succeeded in their mission. You're on board for the whole ride, despite having some narrative bumps that may bring the movie down for most people. And a final act that left me bittersweet, since there wasnt the emotional gut punch I was expecting.

That being said though, Interstellar deserves its place amongst one of the best sci-fi movies of all time, even if it will divide people, it's ambitiousness is praise worthy and it'll go down in history as a technical achievement. Interstellar was one ride I will never forget. 

They say that Christopher Nolan loses himself into the space with this brand new movie... They're wrong, he isn't lose anything into the space but he created HIS masterpiece.

This film is probably the best one I've seen this year. The visual effects were mindbogglingly amazing, the screenplay was well written and don't even get me started on the film score... The music was probably my favorite thing about the film, it made it so much more thrilling and gave me the 'space odyssey' vibe. The acting was superb, especially by Hathaway and McConaughey. Also, I'm not one who usually understands scientific theories but this film actually educated me quite a bit. It was intelligent, breathtaking and poignant. I adore you Nolan.

 AMAZING film ,music was amazing, acting was amazing, and the effects were amazing, just AMAZING........................................................ 

 I would say that Interstellar is one of Christopher Nolan's best movies. It is one of those three hour movies that is most entertaining and end with you feeling like it was only half of the time. 

I don't know why it gets so low score. It does have some flaw, but the enthralling plot, the great visualization of wormholes and black holes and real science in it definitely deserves much higher. In fact, this is the most hardcore sci-fi Hollywood movies I have ever seen. Unlike the majority of so-called "sci-fi" movies, this one is for real: science is a real ingredient, rather than a hand-waving, magic plot device like in so many superhero or alien monster movies.

This movie is just awesome. Totally unpredictable. You keep asking yourself if he will die, so when you least expect you are asking yourself if he is going to survive, and it will repeat 'till the end of the movie. You just don't know what will happen all movie. You laugh, you cry, you get tense. Joseph Cooper is not one of these protagonists who we have 100% sure that he will win or survive. And that is what makes the movie so good. When you think you know what will happen next, you get surprised... and it happens all the movie. The soundtrack just makes you feel like you're part of the movie. This movie is the best sci-fi i've seen in years. 

This is Nolan's best work. I think the ending could be improved if Cooper were to sit by his aged daughter's side, holding her hand, with the only sound in the background being the ticking of the clock, or a **** until the credits rolled. That would tie up the idea of time and relativity very nicely, especially given Old Professor Brand's fateful words about time.

That being said, I was disappointed and a little surprised to read some critics' responses to the movie. I think 2001 has taken on mythical status over the years, and all contemporary sci-fi movies, or at least those that reach for the stars, are contrasted unfairly to the dated, disjointed Kubrickian opera. But then again, I don't smoke weed.

If you love space, and you love movies, check out this film. It's definitely worth the price of admission. 

It is pure lirism, mid-way between possible real world and pure hard scifi. It´s impossible to reach such credibility and emotional peaks in a movie. Nolan`s movies are new ways to realise how far are the humans among them and, at the same time, how near from stars we´re now. Terrific from minute 1 to end titles. Out breath. I stuck in my cinema chair for ten minutes assuming what I had seen on screen.
In few years it will be our second decade best scifi movie of XXI century and probably one of the classics scifi film in this century

 The best movie I've ever watched! It did not just only have amazing artworks but also made you as a viewer think about everything in the moviel, such as the human survival instinct and how emotions affect us and how completely unique situations could affect us as well. 

 Simultaneously mind blowing and beautiful. The story is just fantastic. They make you really care about earth without shpwing any religous or political views. I will say it's a bit a intense for anyone under 11-12. But if you can get a sitter, watch this movie as soon as possible. 

Incrível, essa é a palavra que define Interestelar, o filme apresenta uma ótima história, onde a ligação entre os personagens se mostra forte e coerente e a atuação bem feita pela maior parte do elenco.

O filme apresenta ótimos efeitos visuais e sonoros, porém há muitas cenas que estão no filme que parecem estar lá só pra aumentar a sua duração, não irei entrar em detalhes para não spoilar.

A trilha sonora do filme é boa, porém repetitiva, mas se encaixa em todas as partes em que foi colocada.

A ligação entre os personagens, como dito antes, é ótima, você consegue perceber plenamente o amor que Cooper tem pelo seus filhos e as ligações entre outros personagens são razoavelmente boas, deixando quase nada a desejar.

A história é muito envolvente e te prende do inicio ao fim, e isso é um grande ponto positivo para o filme, até mesmo as cenas que os diálogos são sobre assuntos científicos, não conseguem tirar sua atenção. E não vá achando que o filme é só teorias, há uma boa dose de humor, principalmente pelos robôs que acompanham Cooper e a tripulação na nave.

Apesar da longa duração do filme, 3 horas, você percebe o tempo passando, pois como já dito a história é altamente envolvente, vale a pena investir seu tempo com o filme, então prepare a pipoca e divirta-se!

 What an Amazing Movie! Interstellar is really good and very entertaining.Christopher Nolan is really A good Director from The Dark Knight Trilogy Then Inception and finally Interstellar. 

 Interstellar send the viewers further into space than ever before, an ex-engineer called Cooper (McConaughey) and his family suffer severe climate conditions and drought on Earth. Then Cooper stumbles upon a bunker where there is scientists building a spaceship and its team is going into outer space by Interstellar voyage to ensure the survival of Mankind 

Breathtaking, stunning, incredibly good and awesome is nothing to describe this movie (that I'll call it more than just a movie). Christopher and Jonathan Nolan gave us a very original script combined with perfect visual effects and excellent performances by everyone in that film. And Hans is not behind, he developed an Oscar deserving score that fits perfect for each great scene.
The synopsis is nothing compared with the film, here Chris takes our hand and take us into an unforgettable trip to discover what's beyond us together with the characters. It's incredible the surprises that Chris can gave us and as always it is absolutely impossible to say the ending for every movie he mades. Such a petty that the Academy do not recognize Sci-Fy films beyond the technical awards. Best Picture of 2014 without doubt!

 This movie is literally breath taking. It's the kind of movie that will make yourself ask some question or make you lift your eyes to the sky. Awesome movie 

Interstellar is not only the best film of Nolan but also one of the best films of the century so far. With all the familiar elements of Nolan's style it is bringing a new theme. A new class of directing and cinematography. Nolan is at his most powerful time, having the best plan for every shot and the ability to use them together in the most efficient way. Hans Zimmer's score is another positive point which brings the real action in to the incredible pictures of Hoyte Van Hoytema. Strongly suggested to be watched on IMAX, this breath taking film satisfies it's adventure seeking audiences. 

 All critics claiming this movie isn't good, due to its complicated nature. Are saying more about their inability to understand as opposed to the quality of this movie. I cant remember a Sci-fi movie over the last few years that even came remotely close to this in terms of quality. 

 Interstellar shows you a vision of Earth, mankind and the universe. And that's a very rare finding in today's blockbuster industry of remakes and adaptations. Nolan proves (once again) why creativity must not be feared but embraced. Why ideas and dreams must not be kept in silence but explored and discovered. That's how massive and involving this movie is. As big as the universe, running through 169 minutes of intense and gripping storytelling in every frame. Brilliant in every possible way. And with an astonishing soundtrack by Hans Zimmer.

An absolute masterpiece and quite easily the best film I've seen in 19 years of my life. Everything about it was just so incredibly epic and the detail to Scientific theory was beyond amazing. We often use the exaggerated saying of "jaw dropping", but for this film I can quote that literally.

First of all the acting was 10/10. Matthew McConaughey was the perfect man for this role and you could really feel his emotions throughout the movie. The connection with his daughter was also excellent and it really made you feel that father-daughter bond even when he was lightyears away in space.

The real aspect of the film which makes it a masterpiece in my book was the story with its twists and turns. This movie was made by the same makers of Inception and once again they nailed it. I won't give any spoiler away, but near the end when you begin to piece the puzzles together you will be in awe of its complexity and you soon realise just how well thought through this movie was. It's the type of movie where nobody would ever guess what's going to happen, and this is what sets it miles above other movies.

I must mention the soundtracks too. The music played throughout the film is what gave it such an incredible effect. Throughout 'epic' scenes it would become very loud with music, whilst at other times it would suddenly drop to silence and you could feel the emptiness of space as they ventured further. This film had the cinematic excellence of Gravity, but with a breathtaking story to go along with it.

Overall I can't recommend this film enough, just go and see it. Admittedly you will require some Scientific knowledge of space, relativity, and time, but the movie still does a good job to help you understand what's happening even if you're not a physicist.

 Clever without being patronising, characters at turns both competent and flawed and a narrative which pulls you through an imaginative plot without bogging you down in endless details - what's not to like? a movie which treats both your brain and your eyes. Harty congratulations to both the director and the cast for one of the most satisfying and enjoyable movies I've seen in a long time. 

 I have never seen such a great film. Guys, just watch it, it must be in the cinema! The ending is so beautiful. The whole film starts just right after flying into the space. After every second passed, its just get better. 

 a genuius script with foreshadowing and a mind blowing original plot. i found the first hour similar to the bad reviews on this site but after that i was in awe of undoubtably the best movie I've ever seen. the way things work out just blew my mind and the perfect way of showing human nature left me dazzled by the movies brilliance 

Hmmm, I think, that it actually very good job and perfect picture!! Throughout the film, I was excited, amazed, intrigued to the end!!!
Incidentally, this is the first film that I am very pleased of all that I looked the next few years!
And I think, Hans Zimmer - God!!In this film, the musical accompaniment was at a high level! Feeling the music and story!
I could not see it in 3D. It would be worth.
Perfect game actors! Music awesome! The plot it is incredible! If there is something to complain - I will not do it! I really enjoyed this masterpiece! I love it already!
Thank you for this movie!♥

 Boring lame and cliché. I didn't stay to watch the film in it's entirety. As the first hour did not managed to get my attention I just stopped watching. In a film what I like most is the storytelling, and in this case the plot doesn't really make sense and the characters are not interesting enough to relate. Interstellar is over ambitious, pretentious and ultimately a bad vanity project overblown by the media. 

So... many are going to disagree with me: but... Interstellar sucked. 50% of this was due to the soundtrack. It's not that I'm super picky about what amazing tunes should play during my movies. It's just that I don't think they should make me vomit my brain out of my skull. The droning, overbearing-soundtrack featured everyone's favorite instrument: The Dial-tone-xylophone-pipe-organ-flute. This usually hung on one note in a very high pitched whine, or, if you were lucky, it would be featured in a cord that replayed over and over again. Not just replaying though, but getting louder and louder over time, so loud that one might seriously consider burying their face in molten lava, if only to escape the assault on one's ears. So loud that the words the characters are saying can not even remotely be discerned, even in a very high-class theater, with state-of-the-art audio. However, remember, this Soundtrack-for-Masochists was only half the reason the movie sucked.

The other half was bad science, overplayed space-movie-tropes and extremely questionable character decisions.

First we have the blight, it's killing every plant on earth with dirt. Yes ladies and gentlemen, the final blow to humanity will come in the form of a clingy dust that just won't wash away. Why, or how this came to be is never explained, but it's killing all the plants and getting stuck in our lungs, and for some reason it's going to end humanity because everyone seems to have forgotten how to grow indoor hydroponic food like with already do with a number of crops. Also, the blight is somehow, kinda-maybe a biological plague that feeds off nitrogen... or is it dirt? I don't **** know at this point, and the movie doesn't really help you understand if one is causing the other, or if their the same thing, or what.

Add to that, some excruciatingly poor, or at best implausibly unvetted decision making, toss in some random space-madness, and after about the halfway point, the movie became a chore to watch. As Interstellar gets closer to the end, it starts to seem like a contest in a game of "wouldn't it be cool if" before it blessingly concludes with, everything is fine now because of blackholes and gravity, yaay.

Save yourself some money by putting on some headphones and plugging them into a light socket while watching the most contrived and nonsense episodes of Star Trek. If you can't hear half of the dialogue because of the painful whirring in your ears, you have succeeded in simulating Interstellar.

Roughly divided in three parts and taking place not too far away in the future, the story follows the adventures of Cooper, NASA ex-astronaut turned farmer. Cooper lives in Dusty Somewhere, USA, with his two children (Murphy and Tom) and dad in law. Mankind destroyed Earth ecosystems and our heroes are facing dire consequences.

Cooper finds “by chance” the secret location of the new NASA and he is immediately assigned the very important mission to retrace some astronauts sent into a wormhole 10 years previously to check some promising planets in another part of the galaxy.

Much as I like Nolan’s films, I found Interstellar the weakest of his production. There are some major plot holes in the script, such as why new NASA does not just call Cooper to guide the new mission instead of waiting for him to “accidentally” stumble upon the super-secret location. The whole first part of the movie feels like wasted time, except for establishing the strong bond between Cooper and Murphy.

We also get plenty of cringe-inducing dialog about love, relativity and gravity and a glued-on happy ending after over 2 hours of extreme gloominess.

I'm not necessarily saying this is a bad movie, but for what it is, the score on IMDb is insane... It's tied with The Godfather... Come on now. Kubrick did this same thing almost 50 years prior with visuals that were almost on par.. Not to mention that almost every frame of this movie ripped off 2001: A Space Odyssey. I think I'd have a lesser hatred for this movie if it were simply called "2001: A Space Odyssey," but instead it tries to be edgy and "groundbreaking" with "new ideas," yet everything that happened in this movie had been done before. Not to mention done in a better way. Nolan is the new hipster it seems. Watch 2001: A Space Odyssey before this (unless you've already seen Interstellar). If you've already seen it then play a game called "take a shot every time Nolan ripped off Kubrick" and you'll be dead by the end of the night. Honestly, this is what I would consider plagiarism. Taking someone else's work and claiming it as your own. Not to mention the ending made no sense. 

 Beyond any doubt, Interstellar is the most scientific movie ever. You never saw in any Hollywood movie the accuracy with which the science is shown. There are so many breathtaking moments that render you speechless. But besides the complex science, you get the timeless bond of a father and his daughter. But how much you'll understand some of the key scientific ideas presented in the movie depends on your knowledge of basic and not-so-basic physics, which Nolan tried to make simpler to wider audiences... The film is also a reminder about how cruel can time be.. Hans Zimmer's music was different from what we've heard before. This movie is a director's movie. It's Nolan's yet another masterpiece. But McConaughey and Chastain were so awesome at their roles that they outshine all the scientific stuff, so was Hathaway and Caine. For what he has made out of his character of a father and an engineer/pilot McConaughey deserves a Oscar nomination. 

This is truly and an amazing movie directed by a really good Director.

Interstellar has proved to be one of the best films of this year with outstanding visual effects and efforts. First of all I would like to star by breaking up this movie in sections.

The movie is amazingly directed since Christopher Nolan (one of the best out there) has created a terrific environment in which you really feel what the characters are feeling. He is also able to show his style by making the Visual Effects part of the environment. Finally he is able to pursue and make his actors look amazing in the screen.

The second thing about this movie is Matthew McConaughey performance his is terrific as he was in "Dallas Buyers Club" he will be definitely nominated for an Oscar. What makes he's performance so perfect is he's relationship with he's dougther "Murph" portrayed by Mackenzie Foy an actress that is 14 years old that is showing a lot of potential and will be a young actress to watch. Anne Hathaway it is also part of this film adding up her amazing talent.

One of the flaws of this movie is the story since sometimes it fells weak since sometimes its boring and quite complicated to understand since physics takes a great role in the movie. Also the ending should had been cut 10 minutes before.

Although it has some problems it has been one of the best films of the year, with amazing visual effects and great directed movie and an amazing performance by Matthew McConaughey. This movie is a great time to go and watch in IMAX theaters and it will defiantly be an Oscar movie contendent. Since this movie is a 10 out of 10. 

 It would be easy to dismiss this film with a poor rating and go on to give a great one to some Disney animated feature—not here, though. This cerebral film (which has been accused of having plot holes by those who think relativity and wormholes are cut-and-dry theories) inspires more than just our imaginations; it has us walking out of the theater and driving home wishing we could have traveled along with that small crew in search of the Lazarus’ beacons. Expecting Hathaway to break into a rendition of “I Dreamed a Dream” notwithstanding, I thought the cast was superb, despite being almost out-acted by the lumbering robots. I’ve seen this film twice, the second time moving me even more than the first. This hasn’t happened to me since “There Will Be Blood.” “Interstellar” flew the razor’s edge of impossibility, and nailed it.

Interstellar is a fantastic genre picture full of amazing visuals and deep emotions. Three hours is a long time to sit but I just can't help but wish that this movie was just a touch longer to expound on theories and relationships. The only negative aspect is Nolan's dedication to wrapping things up and explaining things. Not all Sci-Fi needs to be explained. Let the audience use their own noggins a bit and offer their own explanations. That aside, Interstellar is killer Sci-Fi. 

 Unbelievable film, it warrants 2nd screening. A proper space exploration film that will make you think and wow at the unkown and the beauty of the universe and its mind bending laws. 

I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. It was a truly epic tale and for the most part they pulled it off. The only think negative I would have to say about it is that it was hard to hear some dialog in certain parts of the move. I have trouble hearing voices when there is too much background noise so this might only affect certain people. I might go see it again. My wife really liked it but had to explain some parts to her... like why Mann did what he did... but we worked it out. 

By no means I am a scientific geek, my days of tackling with science has been fortuitously truncated years ago, so putting aside all these heatedly discussed astrological concepts, to be specific, wormhole, black hole, tesseract, the fifth dimension and time travel relativity (thanks to the enormous contribution of Dr. Kip Thorne), INTERSTELLAR is a potent analogue of Nolan’s previous stunning visual and conceptual extravaganza INCEPTION (2010, 9/10), which looks deep into the bizarre inner activity within one’s dream realm, but this time, Nolan’s scope is going the opposite direction, extended outwardly to the unknown universe and based on a more perceivable future of the earth’s imminent doom (we are all the culprits of various degrees in this scenario), it is not just an awe-inspiring outer-space odyssey, in its dual storyline, the life on earth is phenomenally linked by human’s primitive force - love.

continue reading my review on my blog: google cinema omnivore, thanks

I really liked this movie. Unlike most movies, it comes across as a sound story with a good opportunity for stunning visuals. I thought the acting was strong and I was surprised at the actors/actresses that were in it since I went in cold. This should be seen at a genuine IMAX theater since about 90 minutes of it was filmed with IMAX cameras and the movie fills the entire screen during these sequences. I did not think the movie dragged at all which is an achievement for a 2 hr 50 min movie. Great thought provoking experience!

I don't think I've had my mind stimulated like that in a while! This is a movie that tugs at the soul, as you watch a father try to do all he can to save his daughter, and also humanity, from their inevitable demise on Earth. There are so many fascinating concepts of science in this movie, you will have NO idea what to expect next.

There is a pretty hefty plothole that keeps this from a 10, but considering the great acting and the story was extremely interesting I don't want to be what defines the movie.

There are many things here in Interstellar that work very well and some that...fall short. However, as a whole, Interstellar is a major success. First off, the visual effects are...breathtaking. It owes a lot to films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, especially some of the visual splendor that was on screen, but there was certainly some influence from lesser known films such as The Fountain. Some of the sequences in that film are almost perfectly emulated here, with some obvious changes, but the influence is obvious in that sense. Many of the sci-fi elements are also indebted to films such as 2001 and other far-reaching and technically brilliant sci-fi films. Sci-fi film wise, this one travels very little new ground. The score here by Hans Zimmer is perfect and truly served as a great sonic backdrop for the visual ecstasy that was taking place on screen. Interstellar is also a very emotional film, brought to life by strong writing and, in particular, strong acting. Matthew McConaughey is brilliant, as are Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Michael Caine, Casey Affleck, and Matt Damon. They all play great emotional roles here and it is hard to fight back tears at times. There are a ton of brilliant elements here contained here and the space visuals are king of that, but I do feel the story faltered at times. Namely, the ending seemed...cop outish. They kind of a held your hand a little bit at the end and pointed directly at what you needed to understand. It also ended very sentimentally and it could have gone in a far different direction and, to me, the ending seemed fake. Finally, there are some things that just do not make sense in terms of plot (plotholes, somewhat) that are not overly important because I barely remember them already, but all the same. In terms of science, it also seemed to try and go too far and get technical with science stuff, which was unnecessary and, largely, out of mental grasp, which was a bummer.

Overall, Interstellar is an astounding achievement technically and visually, though it is far from perfect and rather than blasting it for its imperfections, I think perfections need to be celebrated thanks to the profound impact have on the viewer and kind of leave in a trance as the final credits start rolling.

This movie was fantastic. I was on the fence about it until I read what Neil DeGrasse Tyson had to say about the Scientific elements, and overwhelmingly they got things right.
Without spoiling anything they explore some unknowns, so that is where they leave science behind and go more into fantasy.
The sound was very loud in a few places and while I was plugging my ears I wondered about the chances of getting hearing damage from watching the film.
This was for sure the best movie I saw in 2014, if not the last few years and I would recommend it to all of my friends.
This is a movie that I would be willing to pay ticket price again to watch once more. 

While the movie is very long and a bit sluggish in some parts (mostly when it get oversentimental), I have still enjoyed every moment of it. Like near a black hole: you watch it and think that an hour has passed, but it's almost three hours in real life. It is really scientifically accurate, in a Space Odyssey 2001 sort of way. There are some nitpickings here and there, some doubtful physical effect or weird character motivation, but it's still eons ahead of almost any sci-fi movie by scientific and logical cohesion. Most of the science-related elements are moderately explained, short enough not to break the suspense. It has it's tense and relaxed moments, it's bit of romance and humor, all mixed together in chemically precise proportions, giving an epic overall experience. Hans Zimmer's excellent soundtrack sculpts the experience, and the surrealistic but accurate distorted views of black hole is enough to warrant a view on its own.

An amazing movie from beginning to end. If you don't like or understand science then probably not the movie for you.

This film will get a 10 from me. There were so many bits where this film got it right.

Even with some of its flaws. Interstellar is an engaging work of sci-fi art. Christopher Nolan is usually known for such big and complex stories like "Inception" "The Prestige" and "Memento". He is currently the most ambitious director working today. Ambition can lie between being a great pro towards a film like this, or be a big con! The first time I saw it, it felt that the film was too ambitious in which it took over from the overall experience/pure enjoyment of the film. There was just too much to take in. But that's why the film is so watchable in my opinion. Christopher Nolan keeps you wanting more with a film like this. That's why the second time was a charm for me. I delved deeper into the film unlike the first and truly got an overall enjoyment out it. I love the space mission aspect of the film. I love the story behind this. I love the characters, especially Matthew McConaughay (Cooper). I love Zimmer's score. And I truly love Nolan's ambition! However Some characters felt completely under-used, like Cooper's son played by Casey Affleck. I love how they set up this character throughout the film, but I wish they could have used him more as a big character throughout the entire film. They just gloss over an interesting story element in which I think could have helped build the film especially for the theme of the movie. Also, Wes Bentley's character felt completely wasted and somewhat unneeded. Alongside that, the first 40 minutes of the film felt a little too slow to me. But once it gets into its space exploration, the film soars all the way up to its last 10 minutes (which I enjoyed more than most but still felt something missing). Other than that, I highly recommend this film for all film-lovers/film-goers! I know this review may sound a little too negative, but trust me, it's one hell of a ride that won't be soon forgotten! I give "Interstellar" and A!

 Good Not Great... It's a time travel movie... once you accept that the rest of the plot makes a little more sense... the opening leaves so many questions unanswered that you just have to suspend any idea of it making sense... NASA has a secret base..? WTF! the world is losing it's ability to grow crops but there's no military and no roving bands of refugees bent on destruction...? I didn't mind the tear-jerking emotional stuff but the lack of professionalism with all the scientific types was pretty unrealistic... finally, no one is going to fall into a black hole and come out of it in one piece...

 This is another fantastic film created by Christophor Nolan. The story is great, the characters are great, it's very emotional, the music is epic and the scenery is beautiful. 

 This feels like a movie that was inspired by 2001 space odyssey Like 2001 space odyssey, it takes a while to set up everything and is a fairly long movie. This is without a doubt the best movie this year. i would recommend it to anyone who likes scifi and is a fan to Christopher Nolan 

What makes this movie unique is that astronomy is very well blended with fiction and drama. Retro space elements also made a welcomed return. At times I felt that the story was a bit stretched but the writing is undoubtedly solid.
If it's not for anything, go see the movie for its soundtrack.

This is one of those movies that just make you think.....At the start everything starts off pretty slow, there is not much to take in. But when they explore different planets everything gets more interesting. But towards the end, that's when it gets complicated, i wont spoil anything, but it really makes you think, and it's possible that you won't understand it all the first time around. This is definitely a good movie and possibly one of the best of the year.

A great movie. Novel premise, grand scope and scale, and it's believable. Interstellar is definitely worth watching. I have a few minor critiques, the film takes a while getting to the meat. I'd gladly trade a few minutes of farmville 2080 AD for a few more minutes of the grand adventure that fills the last 1.5 hours of the movie. A few things take getting used to, especially Cooper's robot companions who talk with no hint of a robotic voice and whose design and function looks a bit bizarre (they're like walking soda machines). On their voice, it's supposed to be a practical humanized crew-member but it's distracting for a few minutes. Our adventurers make a few absurd rookie astronaut/scientist mistakes, but that's to be expected to spice up and generate conflict in sci-fi. My primary complaint is in a few areas that are starting to become major problems in Nolan's story-telling, for instance his characters love to explain things at length, long after the audience has gotten on board with an idea. We saw a ton of this in Inception, where almost every shot in the final dream sequence was of someone explaining the rules of Nolan's universe. Interstellar has Dr. Brand explaining the multi-dimensional science of love for too long, Dr. Mann ruminating on the nature of humanity, and Cooper reviewing the rules of relativity over and over. Nolan needs to trim each of these sequences down to the bare information for the audience. And then there's...spoilers to follow...

--- SPOILERS, SPOILERS, SPOILERS ---

Nolan needs to get off his sunny-happy ending kick. Memento, The Prestige, and Inception messed with you through either pitch-black endings or ambiguity. And then Dark Knight came along, and all the talk of sacrifice evaporates when we realize that Bruce Wayne is going to retire at age 40 to live in Italy with Anne Hathaway. Interstellar plays the same game, pouring sacrifice on top of sacrifice, and then it mostly disappears to make way for a squeaky clean ending. Interstellar's ending isn't as disappointing as Dark Knight Rises, but it teetered on that edge.

Interstellar is a visual masterpiece, gorgeous and dazzling, one that manages to be both technically refined and explode at the seams with beauty, heart and grace. It boasts a cast who are all at the top of their respective A-games: Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain are stand-outs, Chastain especially. The story was one that I found difficult to follow during the picture but saw clear as day as soon as the credits rolled - and I marvelled at its complexity, its intricate depth of detail, its formidable ambition. I felt the 3 hours, which isn't a positive, but the time certainly isn't wasted. More than anything else, the film has deep and potent emotional core, one that perhaps runs the risk of being buried beyond the point of access beneath the film's many layers of scientific detail, but shines through at the end and is as blindingly beautiful as the stars the characters find themselves.

More bloated exposition and drawn out yawn-inducing scenes of nothing happening. There's about 45 minutes of film here worth watching. Everything else is forgettable, melodramatic, and full of itself.

 Movie has combined every documentary I watched on Discovery Channel. People probably didn't like how scientific the movie was but I really liked it. I cut 1 point because of Matthew McConaughey. The way he talks doesn't fit in. 

Nolan has done it again, another fantastic movie. This effects in this movie are insane, some of the best this year for sure. There are a ton of big name actors in this movie and they don't disappoint all the actors are spot on. Some people were complaining that it was really difficult to understand at some points but that wasn't the case for me I was able to follow the movie well. Also Hans Zimmer did the score for this movie just like most of the other Nolan films and again in this movie the score is Oscar worth. Watch out for this film during award season.

 If you thought that Inception was confusing, wait till you watch this **** space adventure by Christopher Nolan. Apart from its confusing story line, you'll get to see space like never before. A really good movie! 

Astonishing : because of special effects, musics, role-playing of actors, and emotions.
But it is disappointing because of twist effects totally fails, and a hard degree of comprehension of the situation, especially on the end.

But still one of the greatest movie of these years, whatever critics says.

Interstellar is one of the best movies this year, it strides to ambitious heights. The movie is visually stunning and is very emotional at times as it connects to parenting of children and exploration of new discoveries. All the characters show great performances especially Mathew giving yet another outstanding performance. People are complaining about the ending of the movie, the science behind it, and its overall complex understanding, that's their opinion. but its ending shows something new and original in the sci-fi genre making you think and think after you see the movie. Overall the movie is a must have experience that takes new heights and embarks on a wild journey that's unforgettable with its visually aspect and emotional story. Another great addition to the movie is the superb music composed by Hanz Zimmer, it gives the movie an extra layer of creepiness and excitement. This is not a movie for casual people wanting a simple action movie. This is a must watch!

 This is nolan's best movie right beside inception. Some people say the ending is unrealistic but you have to remember that its a science fiction movie.Dont listen to the critics. 

I can finally say that I have favorite movie. It's not a perfect movie, it have some flaws, but at the end... overall impression is so strong that I had that "perfect feeling" after the movie ended. Things that movie does good are so good that totally buries those few flaws. On my opinion this movie is a perfect mix... the mix I really enjoyed watching and I'm definitely going to see this movie again.

Interstellar re-ignited in me the new experience film can bring, like a child watching something totally different to anything else they have before. The film is sufficiently different from similar modern Sci-Fi's, not so much in story - but in scenes, camera and sound to deliver something, new, where I did not know what is going to happen next. I liked how the science sounded feasible (which is paramount to me in these types of films) except in a perhaps a couple instances where it became a bit far fetched - nonetheless it managed to draw me back in before I lost interest.

The sound (or lack thereof) is alarming at times but really had the effect of "putting you there" so to speak (at least in a cinema), which I thoroughly enjoyed.

Thumbs up!

I am a South Korean. Well not English. Please understand. A great story. Excellent directing. Well that resulted probability, it merit. Lack of scientific explanation, this disadvantage. merit to overwhelm the disadvantages.

 To start off, I liked the film. But I felt that there were too many errors in the film.

Firstly the first planet they arrive on is 130% earth's normal gravity and their ship had no real issues with gravity landing and taking off. Yet back on earth they needed a fully built rocket to launch that same ship off into space. Unless I am missing something that is a HUGE error in a Si-fi film.

Secondly the plot becomes very predictable to the point where me and some friends were bouncing around what was going to happen next a basically getting every single point right.

Third, I could not get emotionally attached to the characters, except for the robot which I felt had the best personality in the film. Though for one of my friends the emotional side of the film hit the mark with him, so overall it is hit and miss with the characters.

Overall the film is worth a watch do not expect a massive amount of space scenes but once you have seen the film most people will probably never watch it again as the story is entertaining but very slow if you know what is coming.

'Interstellar' is a multi-faceted, roller-coaster ride of a film. It has layers upon layers of complex ideas, translated into a dramatic storyline that almost all people can enjoy and follow.

The Drama in the story is as gut-wrenching, no it exceeds and redefines: clasp-the-edge of your seat & hold onto your stomach Action & Entertainment of a movie.

The action in the film makes 'Gravity' look like 'Open Water*,' because as enjoyable as 'Gravity' was, like Open Water, it was a story that was limited to two characters or almost 1 1/2, in a small tank or stage, in comparison to the endless rows of interconnected Theme Parks that is Interstellar.

The film never becomes too cheesy or over the top as it tackles subjects of space exploration, mathematics and relativity. All the way up to the end, there were doors for the movie to let you down, for the writer to take an easy way out, and he never did. It has the Science-Fiction tag, but it's presented well enough to feel like a Documentary, because the story stays believable and as 'realistic' as we can imagine.

This work is Christopher Nolan's best yet, but I doubt he has reached his peak or plateau. Looking back at earlier works, I see now that he's found his center.

Going beyond the story-telling style, which takes on a ride through the many layers of a single character (I.E. Memento). He has now found a way to peel the layers of Space and tell a story in a way which transcends the viewer through a character, while transcending us through Space and Time..Inception was an unforgettable journey, but we still never left the Mind. Interstellar tackles Mind (Memento), Body & Spirit (Dark Knight), as well as Space, Time (Inception) & Travel.

This is the rare movie that dies a slow and fitful death under the weight of its lofty verbiage. It's a shame really, because Interstellar could have been brilliant. For the first hour or so I was fascinated. The visuals were breathtaking, the acting was quite good, and the story seemed to be moving in the direction of mind bending possibilities. It was for these reasons that, at first, it was easy for me to overlook the somewhat contrived sounding explanations that would occasionally intrude into an otherwise smoothly flowing script. After a while, however, it became disconcertingly obvious that the purpose of these very cerebral interludes... was simply to educate the movie viewer. Unfortunately, all of this explaining only served to distract me from the story, and much of what was said struck me as being overstated. Besides! A movie shouldn't have to repeatedly explain itself, right? Movie making is an art form; it calls for finesse and subtlety. In a well-written screenplay, themes are developed gradually, almost imperceptibly, in small increments. Then, at some point along the way, an almost magical "resonance of increments" takes place: at which time the movie viewer arrives at a realization, an "Aha!" moment.
Interstellar gets bogged down in far too many themes, for any one of them to be effectively developed. When the time arrives for an audience "realization," the desired epiphany is simply not forthcoming -- at least, not without the aid of an overly amped up movie score and yet another explanatory passage -- perhaps a soliloquy this time --, to help get the movie viewer over the hump.

The movie is long and it takes the time to explain some science concepts (real concepts grounded in science) to the audience. It has the typical twists and turns of a Nolan film but I found the ending more satisfying then his past works. Personally, the only disconnect I had with the movie was the robot (you can see in the trailers). Seemed a bit too Sci-Fi for me to believe but all in all a well done space film. Empty your bladder and then go see this film!

MIND BLOWN!

Interstellar and the hype surrounding it passed me by - I would often see the striking title poster on IMDB but didn't read more. Directed by the man who brought you The Dark Knight trilogy; Christopher Nolan packs an emotion filled space epic into just under 3 hours.

Movie Synopsis quoted from IMDB:
A group of explorers make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage.

Although, in a nut shell, this sums up the movie it doesn't tell you about the underlying story of a man and his daughter. Matthew McConaughey plays Cooper - a man who lives his life in the past and can't adjust to the reality of a dying earth. He is given the opportunity to save the world but it means leaving his family behind. It's his love for them that pushes him into the future, quite literally, space and time.

I was so drawn into this movie that I forgot where I was at one point. It had me on the edge of my seat, weep genuine tears and laugh at jokes by a robot. I admit to not knowing much about the science in the movie but it was easy enough to understand even for a novice like myself. The visual impact of the space scenes had my jaw drop and I can't wait to download the beautiful score by Hans Zimmer. Even my boyfriend was lost for words when the credits rolled, we could have sat through another 3 hours. If you see one film this month make it Interstellar.

Cinema: Odeon Norwich.

Favourite Quote: Love is the one thing that transcends time and space.

Christopher Nolan's "Interstellar" is a visually incredible movie with a powerful score by Hans Zimmer. It features decent acting and high-class directing from Nolan. It is a modern day epic in every sense of the phrase, however, there are some minor flaws. The editing of this movie is very clunky, cutting between earth and space in the oddest of moments. It also rushes past moments that it should linger on, and lingers on moments it should rush by. It is the type of movie where the more one thinks about it, the more inconsistent it is. I would recommend seeing this movie however, and in the best theater possible. 7/10.

Interstellar is mind blowing. This is much more than a "let's save the world" movie. This is a film about science, yet about philosophy too. It's mind bending. It is incredibly intelligent. It is a tense, emotional, staggering piece of art. This is one of the most thought provoking films I have seen. Three days since I saw it, and I still can't stop thinking about it. While I do understand it, I can't help but think "wait, what?" And not in a bad way. Interstellar makes you think beyond the boundaries of what you may have been taught at school about physics, philosophy and ethics. I can't stand physics nor do I try to understand it in my everyday life, but this movie makes you look hard at the physical reality and complexity of what is out there, while still reminding you of the depth within ourselves. Yes - at times - the script is questionable and the score can be awkward, but McConaughey, Chastain and Hathaway are so utterly convincing and brutal, and the direction of Nolan as well as the cinematography is so awe-inspiring and bold, this does not matter. It is hard to truly review this film without ruining the flow of surprises, but Interstellar is more than your average sci-fi movie; Interstellar is complex and enthralling, scientific and philosophical, emotional and tense. It is, above all, utterly memorable. 

It is a good movie, but not great or masterpiece at all and definitely not one of Nolan's best movies.It has very good visual effects,Oscar caliber acting by Matthew McConaughey. On the other hand, it is tool long (169 min.)for this story and should have been cut at least 30 minutes.script could have been better and it doesn't have emotional punch.if you have watched many space documentaries before maybe you expect more from this movie.Overall 7/10.

 Amazing visuals, great acting, great directing, good script, it's a bit long and it drags a bit, but other than that it's an amazing visaul experience that you need to see in the theater. 

 This was the perfect movie for me. I realise it was a bit on the long side and was not perfect, but the human journey, the spectacle and the "real" science was captivating. For the first time I am tempted to see this movie for a second time in the cinema 

 I enjoyed it. Its a good entertaining movie, worth the ticket price, and 3 hrs. of your day. Go see the film and just enjoy the cinematics and great acting. 

 This was a beautiful breath of fresh air when compared to most other big-budget, flashy, action packed sci-fi movies with no storyline common in today's movie era in that genre. Sure, it stretched the science a little bit, and it could have done just as well without as much mushy filler, but all in all it was a really enjoyable and thought-provoking film. 9/10 

I went into Interstellar without watching a single trailer, interview with a cast member or review -I went in totally blind. All I knew about Interstellar was that it was a movie about space and that Matthew McConaughey was the main character. This in my opinion helped a great deal because upon experiencing the movie I was blown away by the scope and depth of it. Much like Inception it's a movie that gets you thinking, regardless of whether the premise is totally possible or not. The entire story took a lot of concentration to follow and I will probably see it again soon to try and figure out certain parts of it. Some areas of the plot seemed a bit weak, there were parts in which I didn't understand how something had actually happened and where things were actually going. The entire thing seemed like a huge space soap-opera with McConaughey's perpetual bond with his Earth-bound daughter being the glue that held the entire movie together. The script seemed a tad bit weak in areas with some lines seemingly written up by a 10-year-old. The movie seemed to hold the viewers hand in some areas as it practically attempted to spell out the most complicated areas so that the viewer could understand and keep up. By no means was it a perfect movie but it was a great one and it's ambitiousness should be celebrated. It tried new things and it was a thoroughly enjoyable 169 minutes, I'd recommend it to anybody! 

 Este filme é um dos melhores filmes espaciais/astronomia que eu já assisti!!! Sintetiza bastante o modo original da nossa galaxia, e seus desafios com a teoria da relatividade!!! Muito bom o filme... Recomendadíssimo... :P 

 Interstellar is a true spectacle of a film, best viewed on the big(gest) screen. The sheer beauty of the visuals and particularly Hans Zimmer's epic soundtrack made the 2 hour 40 min runtime hardly noticeable.

Matthew Mcconaughey's hero does well with what Christopher Nolan gives him to do but is unfortunately stuck in a tin box with woefully under qualified Anne Hatheway (whose most telling contribution is a non-sensical and highly unscientific blurb about gambling the future of humanity on wanting to hook-up with her ex) and astronaut who dies #1 and #2.

Back on Earth things are a little better but you really get the impression that this is a vehicle for the display and unfortunately many of the character exchanges are rushed through and under developed.

Right up to the third act I was blissfully letting Mr Nolan do as he pleased as this visual feast unfolded before me until.. ...well I guess every Blockbuster has to have a happy ending but for me I'd of happily walked out of the theatre with Matthew Mcconaughey safely ripped apart in a black hole. Instead it might as well have finished with it all being a bad dream. The script races to tie up all loose ends, resulting in a rushed ending which doesn't feel like it belongs.

In summary, Interstellar is a movie as truly awesome in size as its subject matter, falling short only upon close inspection. An experience to be witnessed but unfortunately not the "Film Of Our Time" it truly could have delivered.

Please let a black hole swallow all copies of this movie. In fact, I will attempt to travel back in time and prevent it from ever being made. Quite possibly the worst movie ever. I teach "space school," enjoy space movies in general, and really enjoy adventure stories, but this is very poorly done. DO NOT purchase this on DVD, Blue Ray, or streaming service. Save you money and your 2 hours, and 20 minutes.

I happen to like Sci-Fi and to work for NASA. This movie is a huge mess. It is amazing how many positive reviews it gets. The script does not make any sense at all. The story is convoluted. Everybody is using astrophysics lingo but that cannot cover the complete absence of common sense. I even caught myself thinking maybe it was a black comedy or a parody... Alas, it was serious, grim, boring and pathetic. Such a waste of time and money. 

There's something in Interstellar that transcends all Nolan's movies till now: that's the sense of humanity and love shown by the characters. Love transcends everything, and Nolan accomplishes an incredible goal by giving us that transcendence. He's trying to get higher and higher, and Interstellar is nothing but a big big step for a director that reunites the best of film-making business all around. It's not better than his other movies, it's just another big film from a big director.

Fantastic movie and fantastic experience. Interstellar is a space odyssey that centers on our future far beyond our home- Earth. Instead of bashing Nolan, people should be grateful there is still a famous director trying to create something more ambitious and intriguing than the films we watch every year.

Matthew mcconaughey fans are gonna go wild once they see " Interstellar " A film by Christopher Nolan. So far Gravity was the best sci fi film of the year now it's NOT so interstellar is the best movie of the year it has effects that are so realistic it's something that we have never seen before in the 21st century. It has a script that actually has actually best sci-fi action written by Johnathan Nolan & Christopher Nolan which is actually the best movie of the year also the century , Nolan has a new film and that is the star the perfect film of his career since ' Inception' , ' The Dark Knight trilogy'. So far Christopher nolan is the hero director with Dark Knight , he has enough courage to write a script that is actually brilliant is Succeed with Movie goers , people could learn from this in LIFE. the nolan brothers have chemistry and that chemistry became a dream come true. Grade A

 This movie is amazing and brilliant visuals. The plot is complex and you can find deep meaning. I can understand if you fell asleep but if you really watch the movie it can be way better. 

Rarely do I ever bother giving anything above 8, never mind a 10, but somehow, most of these critics seem to have missed one of the best pieces of sci-fi to have graced us not only for the past decade, but possibly since the 80s renaissance of sci-fi classics. Interstellar is quite simply a stunning spectacle, but also achieves an unprecedented amount of characterization for each individual character whilst also using them as a platform to scrutinize humanity's greatest flaws, but also its greatest strengths, something which lends this epic a broad emotional range as well as amazing shots of the cold, bleak and beautiful desolation of space and other worlds. These characters would have been nothing though without the great acting carried out by everyone, especially McConaughey, who has somehow gone from generic 2D 'pretty boy' rom-coms to bleak, apocalyptic sci epics with apparent ease, he manages to root the existential chaos of the barren future with very human roots, and lends a defiant optimism in a film which does bleak and despondent very well indeed.

The theme of survival is done exceptionally well, and whereas Inception was an ambitious mess which seemed to trumpet its importance without ever truly justifying it, the setting of unpredictable and chaotic space lends itself much more naturally to the confusion and awe which Nolan strives towards. The beginning is slow, but you begin to appreciate its purpose later on in the film as it straps you in metaphorically for the roller-coaster ride that is the journey itself. I will admit, I feel Nolan indulges a bit too much at the very very end in terms of falling to his Inception like weakness of overly abstract symbols, but he saves the brilliant coherence of the movie with a more thematically consistent ending.

Enter this movie with zero expectations, endure the first 20 minutes or so of painful nothingness, and then embrace the cosmic splendor that awaits. This movie feels like a terrific re-imagining of 2001 without becoming cliche. 

 Nolan stretches the limits of cinema not just visually but intellectually. While the movie has obvious flaws, its sheer ambitiousness was exciting in of itself. 

I have to admit right off the top, I love movies that entertain, make you think, feed you stuff that expands your awareness and generally stimulates much that has not before been stimulated.
Interstellar does this in spades. Its premise, storyline and unfolding plot is a masterpiece of scripting. The effects, locations and visual impact kept me so riveted I even felt I could have sat and watched another hour! So much so for the regular 120 min. average.
Having been brought up on 2001 a comparable intensely moving film, I can safely say this work by Chris and Jonathan Nolan raises the bar again. Helped by the IMAX viewing, which I would seriously question anyone's sanity who found that lacking, it takes us on a journey as much inner as outer, It hints and specifies the true nature of who we really are and can become, over and above the potential for science to help us on our way.
I can understand some reviewers "not getting it". This may well be because in order to get it one needs to let go of so much junk learned and stored. As is said in the film, and this is no spoiler, you have to let go of something, sometimes a lot, in order to move forward to see the future potential and answer. True now, true then and true always.
Nolan has created a masterpiece with the help of a production line up of actors and pre/post that can only make the viewer marvel at the gift playing in from of him/her.
I have nothing but the most profound respect and admiration for this work and the memories and gifts to chew over for years to come. 10 star galactic!

 Nolan stretches the limits of cinema not just visually but intellectually. While the movie has obvious flaws, its sheer ambitiousness was exciting in of itself. 

 Awesome movie i was sucked in after the first 5 min. on a journey a great sci fi journey showing a lot of humanity love hope loss i could keep going, but this movie is not about being realistic (as some complains) or keeping facts correct this is sci fi in the cool way telling a story even being philosophical damned best movie in ages a clera 10 from me 

Why is this movie sooo underrated? Metascore is 74?? This movie is one of the best movies I ever watched, I might even say that its better than Shawshank Redemption. This movie nearly made me cry and I am a man(not being sexist plz no hate)! The plot! It is crazy. I cannot believe anyone had the guts to accept such daring and imaginative writing and turn it into a movie. This movie made me feel both happy and extremely sad at the same time. If you are more emotional than I am (I never cry D:) than be prepared to cry for the last 30minutes of the film. Sure at times you won't understand the 'scientific' explanations, but please don't let that stop you. I did not expect this movie to be anything great at all! I was dead wrong! This movie is at least a 10/10, I rate it a 11/10. Is it like Gravity? Helll No, Gravity can't be even compared to this masterpiece!! People who are giving this a 0 or under 9 are just insane. Yes it does have flaws, there is this one part I thought it was a tiny bit cliche, but still 11/10 for originality and its presentation and plot and characters and sound and everything.

Stunning style by Nolan went beyond the usual fantasy, we witnessed something more than just a movie. This is the real spirit without a deity, but the energy of the flesh. Striking power of scenes takes the viewer beyond the universe, together with powerful sound you lose self-control and in consequence of which we suffer emotional explosion. 

Nolan's newest mind-boggling production proved to be an amazing and daring film. The visuals are outstanding, complemented by a Hans Zimmer soundtrack that makes the audience feel as if they are in the vastness of space along with Cooper and his crew. Although the casting seemed questionable, it works well, and if you can wrap your mind around the physics of the film (and one cannot say the science was flawed; Christopher Nolan had scientist Kip Thorne help him "do the math" and the film was even praised by Neil Degrasse Tyson for its accurate depiction of a black hole), then it will be one jaw-dropping experience.

 Beautifully created movie. Although a bit lengthy, i was captivated the entire time. The movie left me mesmerized, amazing score by hans zimmer and visually stunning. 

 Quantas questões temos aqui?
Por: Gustavo Talaini

Fascinante, Christopher Nolan construiu um novo clássico de “Science Fiction” que já pode ser comparado com 2001 uma odisseia no espaço de Stanley Kubrick (eu disse comparado). Interstellar explora teorias físicas, dimensões não conhecidas e os sentimentos e emoções dos seres humanos, Nolan faz sua obra mais emocional, mas ainda com tons sombrios e psicológicos, é um dos melhores filmes do ano.

O filme começa com Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) sonhando com seu passado como piloto de nave espacial da NASA e quando acorda relembra que a humanidade está para acabar, a praga atingiu os alimentos que agora estão em escassez, mas a pergunta logo no inicio é: Qual a solução para isso?

“Uma viagem Interstellar em busca de um substituto para o planeta Terra”. Murph (Mackenzie Foy) tem a certeza que um fantasma assombra sua casa. – “Fantasmas não existem – diz seu pai Cooper que é um fazendeiro e ex-engenheiro, mas Murph sabe que tem alguém se comunicando com ela através de códigos morse.

A intensidade do filme aumenta quando durante uma tempestade de poeira (o que era normal) Cooper vê a mensagem misteriosa deixada por tal fantasma assim descobrindo que aquilo na verdade era uma anomalia da gravidade, então através de coordenadas misteriosas deixadas pela anomalia (Em teoria tinha alguém mesmo se comunicando com Murph, o tal “ eles “ seres de outra parte do universo), Cooper descobre uma base secreta da NASA onde encontra Brand (Anne Hathaway), o professor Brand (Michael Caine) e um genial robô; Cooper tinha sido aluno do professor Brand então ele foi “convidado” para salvar o planeta Terra assim tendo que abandonar sua família por tempo indeterminado;Ele aceita.

Em meio a um roteiro espetacular escrito pelo próprio Nolan e seu irmão Jonathan tudo se destaca em Interstellar, a trilha sonora de Hans Zimmer, as grandes atuações do fantástico elenco, os cenários maravilhosos e efeitos especiais brilhantes, mas o principal é o formidável toque de Nolan.

A apresentação de complexas teorias físicas te deixam alienado e mexem com sua mente, os discursos sobre a abrangência do amor, o que ele pode significar para cada individuo são emocionantes (sim essa é uma das palavras que representam Interstellar: emoção); tempo é outra grande questão neste filme, para salvar a humanidade Cooper e sua equipe terão que ir até saturno onde se encontra um buraco de minhoca que os levará para outra galaxia com o objetivo de encontrar outro planeta habitável, o substituto da terra.

Dois anos se passam quando Cooper chega ao buraco de minhoca cujo tem um deslumbrante visual, é incrivel, porém ao chegarem ao primeiro planeta “selecionado”o tempo se alterou na Terra ou seja lá já se passaram 24 anos e Murph agora é interpretada por Jessica Chastain com uma excelente atuação assim como o resto do elenco ( sim tive que repetir isso)

São raros os filmes com três horas de duração que prendem tanta atenção assim, certamente Interstellar ganhará indicações dos Oscars, o tom de realismo de Nolan é imponente, quando se chega nos minutos finais a adrenalina se eleva por conta das reviravoltas (Matt Damon foi uma grande jogada aqui) e as grandes questões começam a ser explicadas de uma forma terrífica.

Resumindo seja você fã de ficção ou não, Interstellar é totalmente imperdível é o filme mais grandioso e ambicioso de Nolan.

 One of the best films of the year both in sci-Fi and emotional impact. Nolan takes his time to let you become connected to the characters while telling a great story. 

Fantastic movie, exceilent script, very emotional. I recommend to do small research previous seen it, so you can learn about wormholes and space travel so will help you to understand more some technical info. Finally a space movie that will keep you in suspense until the very end. I finished it with my wife suffering from stress, so tense that you see a 3 hours movie feeling like it was only one hour. There are some inaccuracies? Yes, but after all is a movie, so enjoy it!!!

greatest movie i ve seen in years, there are no plot holes, just most audiences lack the knowledge or the will to believe the movies story wich is based on real physics/theoritical physics.

how can people say is "bad science" when KIP THORNE was the producer and all the movie is based on real science?!

some people should start evolveing.

 One of the greatest movies of all time, tied with Star Wars for best sci-fi although as it pertains to science, Interstellar is above and beyond even that high bar set by Star Wars. A must see for any sci-fi junkie. 

Nolan does it again man and am even more a Nolan fan now. It's another mind-bender from him, where he forces audience to think and reason. I like the fact that while mostly based on proved scientific theories the movie later suddenly falls into the philosophical/mind-bender genre like Nolan's many other movies. The movie feels a little slow in the beginning but it slowly builds up and ends on a great note. The father- daughter relationship works most of the times, and some of those times it is very emotional. People say his movies lack heart and emotions. He proved that wrong with this one. Those scenes with Matt Damon on that planet are very thrilling though also a little confusing because of Matt's character's ambiguous intentions. And that scene where his character gets part of the Endurance destroyed and Cooper attaches to the destroyed part is extremely well done. Hans Zimmer's score over all and particularly in that scene deserves high accolades. He succeeded to bring a totally new sound to the move, even though there were places where it reminded me of the extraordinary and his best in my opinion score of Inception. Loved that scene with those tall waves too. Loved the depiction of worm and black holes, especially that of black hole is so beautiful and mysterious. I wish they had shown more of it (see my comments next). The plot is quite complex. There is lot of science involved. And because of our limited understanding of that level of science at points it seems there are plot holes while there are actually not that many. And especially after he dropped into the black hole it all suddenly becomes so very confusing and at the same time so very away of the scientific theme of the movie before that. It falls in that metaphorical/philosophical genre. It's here where it has a lot common with Inception. Like Inception the movie had me thinking after it was finished, and require multiple viewing to grasp it entirely, which again is a triumph for Nolan, I believe. Acting is top-notch. Matthew was great overall, he nailed the emotionally scenes particularly. I have started to like the guy now. Besides him I think Mackenzie Foy also did a splendid job.

I do have some problems with it though, and that's why the missing one star in my rating. (1) It's barely a space movie. It couldn't never make me feel like I was in the space like Gravity did. I was expecting more scenes in the space with wide views of earth, stars and other planets. More scenes on heights. More scenes flying across other planets etc. I was expecting much more scenes with black hole and worm holes. They were on screen barely for few minutes. I wonder the money and effort they spent on building those things and how beautiful they looked especially the black hole but they didn't bother to show it more than a few minutes. And by the way what's about that total silence (zero OST/music) in space scenes? (2) The final scene where Cooper meets Murph could have been more emotional. I wonder a little that getting back to her was his mission all the time but there wasn't even a single tear in his eyes in that scene. I would have loved to see a crying Cooper like in one of those earlier scenes when he sees Murph's message on screen. (3) The very last scene where Cooper goes for Brand was totally unnecessary in my opinion. It was like that scene in TDKR where Batman kisses Catwoman/Selina Kyle before flying the bomb out of Gotham. Cheesy, unclassy and very un-Nolan. The whole movie was about father-daughter love then where did they get this guy-girl love in that. Looked quit a commercial move by Nolan.

Anyway, overall another classic from Nolan, another triumph, another movie which reminds us why we love movies and why they are so powerful. Marvelous work Nolan, keep it up.

Interstellar is the last masterpiece that joins to the marvelous cinematography of Christopher Nolan, one of the best directors in recent decades. A good example of cinema (perfectly directed, astonishing interpretations, and a fabulous soundtrack) that will no disappoint anyone capable to appreciate the magic of cinema. The plot my be ambitious but Nolan introduce us so deeply in the story playing and controlling our minds in the same way as he has done in his past films.
For me, one of the best pictures of 2014 and, up to now, Christopher Nolan's best movie so far. 10/10

BEYOND awesome.
Today one can see something new in thecinema quite rarely. Every time you see a movie there is a thought - I've seen it somethere, nothing new, yawn. While there were ton of movies with ideal close to Interstellar, this fusion of sci-fi, disaster and space genres makes this movie exceptional and unique. Really, such movies as Interstellar and Inception deserve Best of the Year title. Christopher Nolan is genius.

Interstellar comes off as one of Nolan's best works to date, and certainly one of the greatest movies in the past few years. Many may claim the movie jumps the shark towards the end, but considering throughout the movie how brilliantly it handles relativity, gravity, wormholes, and black holes, I can do nothing but appreciate the scriptwriters for trying something new. The movie isn't just a science-gasm, it also tells a deeply personal story between main character Cooper and his ever growing desire to be reunited with his family on earth. I won't spoil anything, but at certain points of the movie concerning relativity, my tears threatened to spill. Interstellar also boasts some phenomenal special effects that I dare say rivals 2013's Gravity in terms of scope. The movie is also paced excellently, never dabbling too long in each entertaining section. Finally the music by Hans Zimmer is incredible. I would consider this soundtrack to be among the best of all time because of how brilliantly it blends ambience, thriller, serenity, and trans dimensional. In the years to come, I will look back at Interstellar and acknowledge it as a defining chapter in space opera history and of the defining benchmarks for amazing films.

 I was literally half of the movie with my moutg opened, amazed by the spectacularity of the movie, the actors, the argument, the art... One of the best science fiction movies i've ever seen! 

This is hands down the most beautiful and thought-provoking film Christopher Nolan has made to date! All of the film's elements come together marvelously, from the great acting and often times emotional story to the dazzling effects, images, and music! Matthew McConaughey gives a powerful and moving performance in the lead. There were also some great supporting performances from Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Wes Bentley, etc. Hans Zimmer, who composed most of Nolan's previous films once again composes an epic and unforgettable score for this one as well. And of course, the effects are simply gorgeous, need I say more?! Despite the lengthy three-hour runtime, I didn't mind it a bit this time around, as the film kept me completely engaged from start to finish! Overall in my opinion, it's Nolan's absolute best film since The Dark Knight and is without a doubt the greatest film I've seen all year and I'd love to see if any other film this year can top this one for me, but I highly doubt it!

 An amazing cinematic experience. I highly recommend viewing in 70mm IMAX, holy **** While the father/daughter aspect never really worked much for me, the space travel and science and imagination of the film was incredible. Absolutely beautiful. 

This film is brilliant. A masterpiece of complex, and visually beautiful story telling with solid performances - but not stand out - by mchauhnehay (can't spell i know) and hathaway, and the others are all solid too! The plot is complex and confusing (in the good kind of way), and takes what could almost be called boring premises but given interesting scientific twists that make it a great watch! However, the "Mann" plot didn't feel right in a film full of wonder and intrigue, felt like what the last portion of sunshine was like with the reat of the film: not fully feeling comfortable between the rest of the story. Nevertheless, a great piece of cinema that flows nicely! Nolan brings out another stellar film (lol) and makes us even more excited for his next film!

This is the kind of a movie that motivates a generation to explore.
Probably most important science fiction film since 2001 Space Odyssey.

Well done Nolan brothers. You did a magnificent work, and don't expect everyone to understand your film.
That's a compliment.

 I Dont have words to describe this film. Just amazing .Worth every penny for the imax screen. Best movie of the year . Hans zimmers Music Was perfect. Chris Nolan did it again. 

To be honest, it's the best movie I have ever seen. Interstellar has visuals that will blow your mind, has scenes where you think all is lost but the main characters find a way, and characters that you actually end up caring about, since the actors do an amazing job. Also, Interstellar has this side to it, like its own physics, its own ideas of science that are so engaging that you'll immediately want to know more about it, or have a chat about it with your friends. So much better than a cranky old science teacher who doesn't give a s*** about you.

Amazing job, Paramount!

(By the way, I've got a feeling they're going to make an Interstellar 2. I can't wait!!!)

 Overall Interstellar Is a epic movie full of epic moments, it just sometimes takes a while to get to them moments, I felt the film I was a tad too long, but at the end it does blow your mind, typical in Nolan films. 9/10 

Interstellar is not a movie. It is an experience. It is an epic that transcends what audience members previously thought they could emotionally and physically feel on the big screen. The visuals were the best seen on screen since Gravity in 2013, Matthew McConaghey delivers one of the most emotionally gripping performances seen in recent years, and Hans Zimmer's score leaves the audience with the highest sense of adventure. There's only one problem... The make up. There are certain scenes where make up is vital to make a character look older. However, they fail to make it happen and the actors have to 'act' their age with no further visual representation. Overall, Interstellar is probably the most engrossing, jaw dropping movie I've ever seen.

A block buster that challenges you, makes you think and keeps you thinking days after you've seen it! While all the big films are sequels, super heroes or instantly forgettable, Interstellar blew me away and I want to see it a second time!

Yes the acting is superb, as is the script, sound track, effect and everything else with it but what is different with this film is how the film is science fiction but the main focus is family! Its evocative and funny without being smug or finger pointing

I just wish more people would make films like Nolan where viewers have to think and are challenged!

 Scientific accuracy? Really. Man orbiting planet ages 23 years while 2 other people are on planet below for several hours. Are the people on the planet moving near speed of light while orbiting craft is not? How do you get huge tidal wave when water depth is 1-2 feet? 

One of the best sci-fi movies, or all movies, ever made. The visuals are amazing, the music is great, the cinematography is great, great acting. It is exhilarating and the concept and science amazes you. Critics are mixed about it because the science is off on it and plot holes related to science but when do they make science movies that are 100% accurate to science. One of Christopher Nolan's best films, close to The Dark Knight. A movie too see more than once, although 167 minutes, I recommend you all go see Interstellar, an absolutely fantastic film.

Despite moments of cinematic glory, Nolan's latest offers a bewildering, often underwhelming, emotional drama. Viewers must endure clunky expository dialogue and over-written lines drawled out by McConnaughey that feel like you're watching another one of his car commercials. Despite this, McConnaughey delivers an emotional performance that's consistent with what we've grown to expect from him in recent years. The cinematography is up to scratch but easily trumped by Kubrick in 1968.
Those expecting a thrilling adventure through space will feel hugely let down by the bulk of the movie which consists of people sitting around explaining how the plot makes sense rather than participating in it. The main issue with 'Interstellar' is that it feels disjointed and rushed. Plot turns feel contrived and ultimately frustrating, especially when compared to Nolan's previous masterpiece 'The Dark Knight'. With an ending so rushed, unnatural and overly-sentimental, the film leaves you with a bad taste in your mouth that makes you want to forget the entire thing ever happened.

The movie does not beat around the bush with mushy good bye scenes or trivial emotional drivel. This is a hard science fiction movie, not Armageddon. The plot is simple the science isn't that bad either and if you're confused at all, Kip Thorne released a guide about the theories behind the movie. One thing this movie does beautifully is the scientific concepts start out rather simply and gradually become more complex, easing the viewer into the foray of interstellar exploration. Great movie! I will watch it again... and again.

 Good Movie and well played by all the actors. Interstellar is like a movie that you should watch 2 or more times to understand the hidden message and the Story. Sometimes I was confused about the physical Background information... I would recommend the movie. 

It is beyond human imagination. I really do appreciate the way Nolan gives about human emotions and their interactions. It is really touching in several ways like each kind of love ( father-daughter or lovers) represents different meanings. And the most amazing thing in the movie is how they make the audience perceive the time and the sound. Sometimes time passes very quickly and sometimes it is stopped. And the way of deafness on the space is amazing. 

This is the best film I've ever seen so far !!!!! You couldn't see what's next in the entire movie.
You will have all the feelings you can imagine....from joy, intense feelings and sadness.
The actors were just great and the movie just runs for 3 hours like there are minute.
Superb I think it's the more adequate word for this movie. Who is voting below 9 doesn't have a clue what is a good movie. I strongly recommend this movie but just go to a cinema cause seeing it at home it's not the same thing. 

 This is a great movie. If you pay attention and you are not an idiot you will get it. The special effects are amazing, the story is uplifting, and after you have watched the movie you will get the meaning of life, feeling as though you have just lived one. 

This is one of the best films I have seen in years. It is really
exciting to think of all the amazing things we could accomplish if we could only unite and focus our energy on the wonderful mysteries of the universe. If you watch this film, keep in mind while this film is science fiction, the story tells of a very human experience. One that I hope humanity can one day experience. A lot has been made of the fabrication of how a black hole would really behave. Just keep in mind even the brightest people in the world do not know what really happens inside a black hole. We have theories, but no conclusive evidence. Being that this film is Science Fiction, what is the harm in exploring the unknown reality of a black hole? The physics presented in the film are largely accurate, but that does not mean every aspect of the film must adhere to the known laws of the universe. The main point of this film is to inspire the imagination of the audience. This is an amazing film. Please do try to enjoy it for what it is; A great story of what it means to be human.

Interstellar starts too slow, has a short peak, then drops into the black hole. Throwing together ideas from 2001, Contact, The Black Hole, Ghost (yeah !!!) and Forever War (novel), this thing is 170 minutes of nothingness. Its not even vidually as thrilling if You consider movies like Apollo 13, Gravity or Solaris.
Less minutes, a more focused plot and less Deus Ex Machina would have made a better movie.

 The audio and visuals were good but there are too many 'wormholes' in the plot to warrant a high score. Any tens are purely reactionary and based on the cinematic experience. 

Not quite a masterpiece, but a wonderful visual inception that would even keep the Dark Knight looking with interest for 3 hours. It brings back many memories of Stanley Kubrick's 2001. This visual feature will take you to places that Kubrick could of never visited in a 1960s film. Why did I not give this story a 10 do you say? I liked the main plot well enough, but the subplot that takes over the film in the last act kinda left me like some of those theorems you get in a junior college. You call a theory an educated guess well there were plenty of guess in this film just not sure if they were educated or not. Don't let my complaints distract you from seeing this movie though, and also do yourself a favor and see the 70mm version with the best sound system possible!

 I'm going to give this a 6. Its a great movie theater experience, but I don't see it having much value when it comes to dvd and bluray. I have mixed feelings.
Pros
The movie is eye candy. Everything looks incredibly realistic. It doesn't even look like CGI. Any astronomy buffs will love this.
Cons
Complicated plot narrative, bad cast, ect. It seems like the writer of this movie was trying to hard to make people think he's smart by using big boy scientific words. He forgot most of the audience aren't PhD physicists and astronomers. I took college astronomy and even I was struggling to keep up. Its Inception in space. Also if you know too much about astronomy, you'll probably like the movie a little less because some things are very illogical. For example, the planets are close to a black hole. They didn't even consider the incredibly high levels of radiation that would be there. No sequel is possible, since they're all sure to have cancer. Also the time relativity theory is a bit off. There is no way time is different between orbiting a planet and being on the surface. The gravity is the same, so time would be too. Also if you get sucked into a black hole, you're going to become human spagetti. The tidal forces would rip you apart. Thats why light can't escape. The gravity is that freaking strong. But no, you SPOILER enter the fifth dimension and teleport back to Saturn and miraculously get spotted and picked up before your oxygen runs out.

Overall I didn't like the story, the score, the actors or much of anything other than the visual effects. See it in theaters or don't see it at all.

Saw it in IMAX 70mm film at TCL Chinese Theater and it was amazing. Interstellar has A+ visuals, A+ score, and an outstanding cast. There are couple of warnings that I would give to potential viewers though. If you leave at any moment during the film, you will be confused. If you are not grossly into the film, you will be confused. If you do not like to think deeper, you will end up feeling confused. I sat through this and was very into the film because it was a dazzling experience. The score by Hans Zimmer truly gave the space scenes a huge boost. The run time of this movie is roughly 2 hours and 50 minutes, or 3 hours if you really want to round it all up. I cannot explain very much because I will give it away if I do. Go watch this movie in IMAX 70mm and I guarantee you that you will enjoy the movie a ton. At the end of the movie, [Please watch film to know more] :)

 Relativity, wormhole, multi-verse, time dilation, black holes, singularities, accretion disc, quantum mechanics, astrobiology, fourth/fifth dimension; without at least some prior knowledge of these astrophysics terminologies, I can see why this movie isn't rated as highly as it should be by the general crowd. Chris Nolan has once again outdone himself with this extraordinary film.

This film, I don't even know where to begin. The score, the cast, the story. I cannot think of a reason to find it any flaw, I can only suggest that before watching this film, you take a long walk outside and get in touch with your child self, let go of your expectations. In other words, go watch it with an empty mind and surely & guaranteed, by the end you will have felt the depth of the journey. Thank you Mr. Nolan.

 a new cristopher nolan masterpiece with a complex story, great photography, it even had matt demon. it may not be as good as inception but still have a 10/10 

 This is the best movie I've ever seen. I haven't expected any movie could impress me so much after The Matrix. You can find physics, quantum physics, love, humanity, sarcasm, sci-fi and so on. If you expect only sci-fi or a space movie, don't watch it. You should be interested in science at least a bit to find the movie amazing instead of boring. 

I was actually really disappointed in this movie. The acting was poor, storyline was mediocre, and the ending was, for lack of better word, just stupid. The plot took way, way too long to take off. I saw it with a friend a few days ago and was asleep for the first thirty minutes. I saw a few people crying in the theater when a character would die and I just didn't understand why. The actors had little to no chemistry and I didn't feel any kind of attachment to the characters like I have in previous Nolan films. Inception is one of my all time favorite movies, and I hear people saying that Interstellar was better, and maybe I missed something while I was sleeping but it came no where close. I learned nothing in this film. No morals, no lessons to be taken away, nothing. It was just nonsense.

Overblown rehash of movie tropes with excessive jibber jabber to cover up the huge gaps in any logic and all the non-sensical leaps. There were acres and acres of green corn and a reservoir right there, so where was all the dust coming from? He's floating inside a black hole with only an oxygen back pack and "someone" "picked him up" just before he ran out of oxygen--someone else went in the black hole? If he hadn't shown up at the secret NASA place, who would have been the captain of the spacecraft? The four people on that spaceship were "the finest examples of humanity"? Dr. Mann lied; Prof Brand lied--it's a wonder they could do anything. The other beings! Wait, they're us. Time is a fifth dimension! Wait, only we can control it! From behind a bookshelf! Tars figures out all the stuff in the black hole, and is somewhere floating, and Cooper reports all that info to his daughter through morse code, one dot and one dash at a time. And then, when he's done with all that--remember he has only one oxygen tank--he floats off into space and someone finds him. And people in the not-so-near future wear exactly the same clothes as we do now, and wear exactly the same kind of hospital gowns. Oh, and mostly everyone is white, and everyone is American, except for Michael Caine. It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It felt like 6 hours long.

First off, the sound effects overwhelm the dialog a lot. No idea what the characters on the screen were saying a number of times. I have to assume the director decided what they were saying wasn't that important and went for making you feel just like you were there. Which is did a few times because I saw it in a theater with some pretty good sound equipment. McConaughey's excessive perma-tan was distracting too especially contrasted to Hathaway. Not sure HOW he maintained that tan after being on a space mission for years (yeah I get the relativistic time dilation but they were awake, in a ship in space for months according to what the dialog showed). Also not sure why they needed to launch from Earth in a huge multi-stage rocket to get the exact same landing craft up to the rest of the ship that they were later able to use to cruise around and take off from under its own power on a planet with 1.3 Earth gravities.

I felt a bit ripped off that you don't see much of the space ship until long after the launch, no outside shots, just the boosters dropping away shots that we've all seen 1,000 times. Then when you do see it, there's nothing notable about the ships looks. Just kind of ho-hum. They obviously spend the budget on the sound effects and score, which were pretty good.

There's a lot of excessive spinning scenes on the screen to make you dizzy. There was one long sequence near the end of the show that I felt went on a bit longer than it needed.

The plot was ok, premise was ok, dialog (what you could hear of it) was ok except for the mantra they kept repeating over and over (guess that's a mantra's definition), visuals... I don't know, I just wasn't impressed by them, I saw it on a huge special screen but just never had any "oooh! That's cool!" kind of moments. Maybe I've just seen too many science fiction movies and have become desensitized. Just seemed like there should be some memorable scenes visually at some point in the movie.

I'd still say give it a shot, you might enjoy it more than I did. I'd probably not spend the extra bucks to see it in the big special theater screens. Wasn't worth $15 for what you didn't get, unless you're really into movie audio, then you're going to love it. It did do it's job and entertain me for a few hours.

 the best movie of nolan all time 100 100 100 good and i believe that this movie is like gravity but this movie will overpast the groosing 1 bilion doolar 

I am still thinking about this film days after viewing. It's not for everyone, I think. Go with an open and switched on mind.
Loved it for its stark realism, the science and the ultimate challenge for humanity. Thank you Christopher Nolan ,for making what will be one of my favourite films in my lifetime.

This is personally, my favourite my of 2014. Up Their with Boyhood, Birdman, Nightcrawler, dawn of the planet of the apes, and Guardians of the galaxy. Firstly, this is the best soundtrack I have ever heard from a movie. Hans Zimmer has done a phenomenal job making the soundtrack epic, emotional and add tension to suspenseful moments of the movie. Secondly, the CGI is flawless. On par with Gravity's CGI. Now, the story. It is extremely complex. I' not going to talk about it that much because it will spoil a couple of essential parts to the movie. The only thing I will say, is that I still think about it, even though I watched the movie a week ago. And that's what makes this movie special to movie. I still think about it. Even if the ending is not up to par with the rest of the movie, it is open to many interpretations, just like Inception. From now on, The Dark Knight, Inception, and Intersteller are my 3 favourite Nolan movie. 10/10

 I loved the movie. I don't understand how it is hard to follow and or the negativity of this film. It is a must watch. Who ever was responsible in the audio department should be fired because sometimes you couldn't here the actors clearly. I'm sure that will be cleared up when it comes out on DVD. 

 Interstellar was overwhelming upon first view. Of course I saw it in IMAX and I was still recovering on my drive home. I had questions I knew would require a second viewing. OMG it was so much more moving the 2nd time 4 days later. I won't pretend to understand the Bootstrap paradox. Nevertheless, spectacular! 

 Surely, it was ahead of its time movie like Kubrick's 2001: Space Odyssey. Only the time can judge the fate of Interstellar. For me, it was a gem from a genius director. 

 Christopher Nolan's highly anticipated sci-fi film Interstellar is definitely the most ambitious one the director has ever undertaken in terms of plot and vision. It's a film that will definitely transcend time and space and within the following decades will be dissected and analyzed as much as few other great and important films.

The performances are all top notch and even though it's hard to distinguish any of the actors, it's safe to say that Matthew McConaughey delivers a powerhouse performance (his best) and carries the film until the very end. He is Nolan's best lead so far for me. Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Michael Caine, Matt Damon, Mackenzie Foy, Casey Affleck and Bill Irwin are only some of the actors who compile this tremendously talented ensemble cast. Especially Damon and Irwin are two very exciting surprises. Even Ellen Burstyn has a small but extremely effective part.

Plot-wise, even though Interstellar is as ambitious as people expect it to be, several moments feel a little rushed due to either the screenplay or the editing. But, because there is no such thing as a perfect film, Interstellar manages to maintain its ambition on the highest possible level and any minor flaws are easily forgettable. Nolan balances several adventurous sequences (inside the wormhole, around the black hole, on the potentially habitable planets, the docking sequence) along with plenty emotional and intimate scenes.

On the technical side, Interstellar is a masterful achievement. Hans Zimmer's organ based score is one of his best and it accompanies the characters from their most intimate to their most engrossing moments. Hoyte van Hoytema who replaced Wally Pfister as Nolan's director of photography creates one of the most visually stunning experiences in the history of cinema. The visual and sound effects and the editing are bound to be recognized.

I can't really say if Interstellar is Nolan's best film but it definitely is his most ambitious by far. Except from being his most ambitious film ever, Interstellar is also his most divisive. The decisions he makes in the infamous third act may alienate some people but for me this part is the best and most audacious of the whole film and the way Nolan directs it and delivers it, makes it feel so heartbreaking and awe-inspiring at the same time.

Interstellar is a heavenly made science fiction film and certainly one of the greatest cinematic achievements of all time. Part of this film's greatness lies on the fact that it desperately needs to be watched at least twice. First for the questions and then for the answers. Go watch it on the biggest screen possible.

Incredibly disappointing, but still gets props for some uniqueness and originality here and there. Ruined by a bunch of "love > science" bullcrap.

The people who like this movie know 0 - absolutely nothing - about physics and are clearly oblivious to real human behavior and massive plotholes. MASSIVE PLOTHOLES staring you right in the face as you are watching - not ones you realize afterwards.

Visuals are decent, but sound design is some of the best ever. The score is alright, thankfully less "cheesy epic" than Zimmer's usuals. 

Instead of getting scared during horror films, I've been cursed by being very tense with suspenseful movies. I don't think my back quite unstiffened yet. But suspense is only half of the movie's charm. The second half is the drama, very well conveyed by the impressive cast, especially Mr. McConaughey. Don't let the length turn you off, you're either gripping your seat or bawling your eyes out during the whole movie. It's a pretty heavy movie so be prepared to have your mood offset for at least an hour after viewing. 

 Fascinating and intriguing when the film isn't weird and hard to follow. The movie is great to look at and the cast is fantastic. But the film should have been more sci-fi and less about family and love. 

A very well made, ambitious science fiction epic. Wormholes, black holes, gravity, space-time, relativity - lots of mind-twisting concepts woven into the storyline. In many ways, reminiscent of 2001. Well acted, but the acting is not the star attraction. It's the story, the effects, the visuals, the sound. See it in Imax if you can to really appreciate it. Every fan of science fiction will enjoy this one.

Interstellar is one of the most highly anticipated films of this fall and it lives up to its hype. This film is destined to be a box office smash but its very potent as well. Everyone had high expectations for director Christopher Nolan, who is known for the Dark Night trilogy and Inception. I can honestly say he meets the expectations. The film is visually stunning and is full of an all star cast featuring the amazing Matthew McConaughey in the lead role. McConaughey is brilliant and although this film is not likely to win him an Oscar it is helping him establish himself as a true a list actor. Interstellar is a movie that will make you think but in the end it ties up all the lose ends. You will be wowed through the whole movie, despite a running time that reaches nearly three hours.

 He used to fly into space before it was cool. He didn't have to be paid to fly into space. Sometimes to go forward in time, you gotta go backwards in time. Alright Alright Alright 

Yes Interstellar is a stellar movie. Like Inception the film takes cool scientific concept and does some interesting things with it. The story is engaging and suspenseful even if you can predict it. The film is long but it allows you to feel the length of the journey and let the characters breath. The stand out is the presentation with the film being beautiful to look at and is a must see on the big screen and/or IMAX (definitely IMAX!). Its not as good as The Dark Knight or Inception. The film is a little too long (dragging a lot in the first hour), the ending reveal is a little predictable, and the film doesn’t make you think as much as the others. Honestly, though its still a really good film in what has been for Nolan a great track record. See this movie while its in theaters as this is one you don’t want to miss. Although turn up your hearing aids for the first hour or so because Matthew’s character has quieter whispers than Batman in the Dark Knight films. 

Another solid film from Christopher Nolan. As a big fan of space exploration I was more than pleased. Cinematography and visuals were breathtaking, capturing both the warmth and beauty of cosmos and also the cold nature of it. It surprised me with mind bending concepts, some of them I wasn't even expecting. Like wormholes, Nolan bent science of such concepts like Relativity, Multidimensional gateways, gravity and black holes themselves to the limit to suit his artistic vision which provides quite a spectacle.
However, even if considered a masterpiece by some of you already, it is a flawed film. Once again we see a trend in movies to spit out as much exposition as possible in a form of dialogue, so that general public would follow the film. I get it, not everyone is as perceptive of visual ques that film fans would notice immediately, but the dialogue based exposition hurts the film and becomes a bit monotone on delivery even if the things characters are explaining are interesting. Surprisingly the film tries to convey some pretty important themes that hold the hole movie together, but sometimes outright fails because of lack of development, and this is almost 3 hours movie, so that's really strange indeed. Other than that characters were good for the most part, father-daughter story arch felt very emotional.
Hans Zimmer's soundtrack was bit of a let down. Don't get me wrong, it sounded awe inspiring at times, but thematically speaking it felt very limited. Remember the teaser of the film and it's soundtrack? If you heard that, then you pretty much heard the whole album.
The film is a jack in the box. Once you know the whole deal the first time it all comes to its place very nicely, but I do not believe I may find some little point I've missed that would change my interpretation of the film completely. Even with its mind bending concepts it's a very straight forward film.
In conclusion it was a great film, but in good consciousness I cannot call it a flawless masterpiece. I do recommend it however as I'll probably return to the theater to enjoy the spectacle once more

Christopher Nolan, often considered the most cerebral director in the movie industry, always tries to add depth and complexity to his movies and Interstellar is no different. However, can this film stand up to the Dark Knight Trilogy, or is it thinking too big?

Interstellar wastes no time introducing the characters and the situation that is the main driving force behind the movie's plot. The Earth is dwindling, helplessly, and an ex-Astronaut farmer is led to be the savior of all mankind. Cliche, right? Wrong. While the concept may be something we've seen before, the precision is flawless with subtle clues sprinkled throughout the movie to suggest a greater purpose for everything that is happening. Interstellar also manages to be quite emotional, and do not be surprised if you have to fight back tears during a couple scenes. The scale of the film is also something quite impressive, rivaling 2001 in scale and grandeur. The special effects are very well done and the score is one of the best in any film. The actors in Interstellar are also some of the best in the industry, and when they need, they are skilled at creating a sense of dispair, agony, and pain.

One thing that impressed me most about Interstellar was the fact that the movie never felt too long, drawn out, or stagnant; which is quite a feat for a sci-fi movie that is 2 minutes shy of 3 hours. The sci-fi part is also something worth mentioning, with much of the subject matter being confusing and a lot to digest. However, I felt that the science behind the film, while not entirely proven (or disproven); was appropriate and created a detailed perspective of space and the many anomalies that happen there.

All-in-all, Interstellar is simply the best sci-fi film I've seen; and it rivals 2001 in sheer ingenuity and scope. The visuals are stunning and the depth of the film begs to be seen in IMAX. Excellent actors, superb storytelling, and effects that will make your jaw drop are just some of the factors that make this an impressive cinematic feat. Interstellar is a must-see and a film that will have you talking for years to come....especially with the ending. Highly recommended 10/10

 My personally favourite movie of the year weighted by the most important aspects of a movie: characters, emotional connection, atmosphere and music. When the movie starts you feel so brainwashed after watching so much crap recently you forget you're watching a Chris Nolan film, and then it hits you, and you're inspiration for movies once again is brought back to life. 

 The impeccably acted and surprisingly emotional IMAX spectacle Interstellar is a predominantly riveting space odyssey gorgeously realized by visionary director Christopher Nolan and his crew. 

Great movie, probably one of my favourite movies ever(my favourite is Blade Runner).
Great visuals, great story. At one point i felt something like pain of an main character(literally).
Great emotions. It's first Nolan's film that i watched am already his fan.

Great movie, probably one of my favourite movies ever(my favourite is Blade Runner).
Great visuals, great story. At one point i felt something like pain of an main character(literally).
Great emotions. It's first Nolan's film that i watched am already his fan.

 Yeah, it's damn good. It's not as good as Memento or the Dark Knight, but just being on this space adventure makes up for that. Despite some plot holes, the movie stands up and is a must see. 

На свет появился шедевр, который может и совсем немного, но поднял планку мирового кинематографа. На фильм я не возлагал никаких надежд, так как узнал о нем буквально перед премьерой. Но в итоге я получил то, о чем даже подумать не мог. Все три часа мой взгляд был намертво прикован к фильму, а реальность просто исчезла. Время остановилось, остался лишь фильм. Я это называю эффектом полного погружения. И в Interstellar он был сильнейшим.

Проанализировав ряд сайтов, посвященных фильмам (кинопоиск и imdb), я пришел к выводу, что фильм был отлично воспринят зрителями. Судя по текущим оценкам(9 и 9.2 соответственно), Interstellar займет место на вершине рейтинга наряду с фильмами, чье величие неоспоримо (Зеленая Миля, Побег из Шоушенка, Список Шиндлера).

Фильм я смотрел в IMAX, что достаточно сильно сказалось на общем впечатлении. Синергия завораживающих космических сцен и превосходной музыки от Hans Zimmer, усиленная кинотеатром IMAX, была божественной.

Сценарий великолепен. В связи с тем, что у меня особое отношение к тематике, связанной с освоением космоса, сюжет для меня оказался особо ценным. Хоть это и фантастика, но эта фантастика – наше возможное будущее. В создании фильма участвовал астрофизик Кип Торн, так что вы едва ли обнаружите в нем какие-либо научные ляпы.

Игра актеров отличная. Мэттью МакКонахи приятно порадовал. Энн Хэтэуэй тоже на высоте. Остальные актеры выглядят ничуть не хуже.

Что чувствует человек, находясь в другой галактике, в нескольких десятках световых лет от Земли?! Что чувствует человек, которого от бесконечной черной бездны отделяет тонкий слой метала?! Что он чувствует, когда кроме его экипажа вокруг в сотнях миллиардов километров нет абсолютно ничего?! Interstellar дает ответ на все эти вопросы. И именно этими чувствами, которые переживаешь вместе с главными героями, фильм так ценен для меня. Подобные чувства едва ли удастся кому то испытать в жизни и, я думаю, мало кто захотел бы.

Такие произведения, где происходит манипуляция с реальностью, временем и пространством расширяют область мышления. Начинаешь мыслить немного глобальнее, пусть даже всего несколько дней. Ведь представляя себя на месте экипажа Endurance, обыденные проблемы уже не кажутся такими весомыми и значимыми.

Interstellar – лучшее творение Кристофера Нолана. Даже если в нем и есть какие то огрехи, то они настолько ничтожны на фоне великолепия фильма, насколько мал корабль Endurance на фоне бесконечного космоса. Буду надеяться, что Нолану удастся превзойти себя в будущем и удивить нас еще не один раз. 

 Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rage at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Dylan Thomas İNTERSTELLAR

Interstellar is Christopher Nolan's attempt at recreating Steven Spielberg's sentimentalism and Stanley Kubrick's complexity, but not fully succeeding at any of them. The visuals are decent, but pale in comparison to Gravity. For a movie that happens in space, its cinematography felt very constrained (the camera was usually too close to its subjects), but wide shots are beautifully done. The acting was more emotional than in the other Nolan movies, but most of the characters are stereotypes (working class hero, smart child that's supposed to be cute, wise old man, etc.) and the way they were portrayed was corny and simplistic. All of them could have benefited from more personality traits to be more relatable and realistic. But the biggest problem with Interstellar is the same problem in Nolan's work in general: the script is overly convoluted and hard to follow and relies too much on exposition dialog rather than telling the story with imagery. Not to mention it's at least one hour too long. Not a terrible film by any means, but in the hands of a more subtle and less self-indulgent director, it could have been the masterpiece it desperately wanted to be.

 A beautiful movie that while exploring the deep areas of science fiction, simultaneously explores humanity, love, family and what it means to be a human being on earth. 

Interstellar was the film I had anticipated most all year and after gathering my thoughts I've come to the conclusion that it's almost perfect. Christopher Nolan once again excels himself as a filmmaker and this is arguably his most ambitious work to date. Personally I thought the spectacle of Interstellar evoked the same sense of scale and wonder only previously achieved by Stanley Kubrick in '2001: A Space Odyssey'. Matthew McConaughey gives a solid performance and he carries the film effortlessly. He perfectly balances portraying both a hero you can root for and a Father you can relate to. And his relationship with his on screen daughter Mackenzie Foy is both touching and incredibly human. Anne Hathaway & Jessica Chastain are strong also and Michael Caine, David Gyasi & Casey Affleck are worthy mentions in supporting roles. There's another surprising addition also who's name I won't reveal. When their face popped up I was completely surprised. Visually it's jaw dropping and the cinematography truly captures the enormity of this film. And once again Hans Zimmer's score is absolutely stunning and it's just as integral as the visuals when creating the cinematic experience. However there are undeniable flaws and many would argue that the ending feels like a bow that's been too neatly tied. As a piece of filmmaking it feels like a battle of ambition versus logic. But as a cinematic experience it truly overwhelmed me and I'm intrigued and excited to see what direction Christopher Nolan's filmmaking career takes next.

Interstellar is a film for adults. A film for thinking adults. A film for adults who grew up in times of wonder and had to work hard for what they have today. A film for people mature enough to understand love and loss.

Interstellar is a beautiful film, with a mesmerising music score to match its stunning visuals. The story is both fantastic and moving. The acting is top class and the writing is genius.

If you love science fiction and have a sense of wonder and understand adult themes and emotions watch this film. You will love it.

Not a bad one, definitely visually great and well acted...has a few points where the obvious next scene actions pop in. I would describe it as if inception, the machinist and prestige have a three way.

The kind of movie that Neil Degrasse Tyson and Stephen Hawking will love for the ships but hate for the science. I tries to have science as a clear background and driving force but in the end "love" is the beacon home. 

First things first; Visually this movie is STUNNING, if you are going to watch go for the IMAX it is definitely worth it in this case.

The plot is very good, interesting and complex enough to keep you guessing. It is a bit complicated but internally consistent.

Acting is amasing especially from Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain.

I was on the verge of tears several times, this is Sci-Fi done right.

Once again, Christopher Nolan explored an ambitious idea and presented it with a well-constructed movie. Interstellar not only submerged ourselves in diving into the space journey, but also remain us that watching a movie is a distinctive way to explore our imagination. With the future of comic book movies emerges, Interstellar is a precious gift from Christopher Nolan, it allows us to have an introspection of how we treat the movie industry instead of just entertaining.

Talk about swinging for the fences. Christopher Nolan's science-theory space adventure epic Interstellar takes the auteur's brand of epic to a whole new level. An ambitious marriage of astrophysics (thanks to Producer Kip Thorne) & just the right amount of wonder, this might just be Nolan's Magnum Opus. Featuring his trademark mind-bending twists & turns, time & time again he keeps the similar tricks feeling fresh because he never pigeonholes himself into the same genre & subject matter.
There certainly must be something to his "one project at a time" philosophy. With it he has established himself as the most consistent blockbuster filmmaker in Hollywood, & the studios trust him enough to let him develop original films with enormous budgets. In the Hollywood climate of adaptations & brand building, Nolan is an anomaly. He also has the respect of his colleagues. Just a few of the filmmakers who have come forward to endorse Interstellar include Paul Thomas Anderson, Edgar Wright, & Quentin Tarantino. Undeniably, part of their endorsement is because of the love of film cinema that they share with Nolan. He filmed Interstellar entirely with 35mm and 70mm IMAX cameras, & consistently rejects the idea of switching to digital cameras, whilst the studios & production companies have long ago made up there minds. But Nolan uses his leverage to help keep celluloid alive in the industry. Interstellar was released only into theaters that could still project film two to three days before any digital theater.
Nolan clearly has an undying love for what cinema stands for, & Interstellar is his most astounding example of this yet. This time he has used the trust he's gained to truly outdo himself. Whether it's presenting complex scientific & theoretical concepts in the story or strapping an IMAX camera to the front of a Learjet, Interstellar pushes all of the limits. Nolan has crafted a timely, thoughtful, & visually brilliant film that is arguably his most cerebral & undoubtedly his most emotional. This will come as a welcome surprise to those that have long accused Nolan's films of being emotionally cold. Such is not the case here.
At the heart of the film is a father-daughter story that had me emotionally invested almost as quickly as Pixar's Up. The beating heart of the emotions lie in standout performances across the board; the genuine portrayals & intimate characterizations ground the entire film with necessary sentiment & well timed humor. Fueling the carefully crafted visuals & emotions is Hans Zimmer's beautiful, visceral, & emotive score. As promised, Zimmer abandoned many of the techniques he has used, & been lampooned for, in his past collaborations with Nolan, to a much fresher & sublime effect.
Interstellar is ultimately a film that revels in the simple idea that we are here, & how amazing it is that we have the ability to wonder, contemplate, & actually understand the way the cosmos works. The film begs to question mankind's level of investment in it's own ingenuity & ability to pioneer. Unlike Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey, which focuses on the frailty of humanity & lacks any form of sentimentality, Interstellar puts its full faith in mankind & harvests many meaningful thoughts about humanity's role on earth & among the cosmos.
The film is personal to me because in the year leading up to it, I have been striving to become more scientifically literate & environmentally conscious through such means as Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey. Just as in a socially cognizant society, there is no room for anti-intellectualism or ignorance in the world of Interstellar. Perhaps the greatest role this film could play is in promoting science consciousness & curiosity among audiences that could hopefully bleed through into society as a whole. That may be dreaming big, but the reality of humanities current situation certainly didn't go unnoticed by anyone involved with the production of Interstellar, nor should it the viewer.
It may be a work of fiction, but the environmental apocalypse scenario presented in the film is no less feasible & frightening in the real world than it is in the film’s plot; undeniably more so. Sure Interstellar takes a few creative liberties, especially towards the end, but it gets a vast majority of the science correct, & plays joyfully in the sandbox of theoretical possibility.
It's very hard for anyone to walk away from this film questioning the legitimacy of the events that take place in the film, especially if you are fan of other fantastical Hollywood films. Just the mere fact that the film is largely based off of Newton's laws of physics & Einstein's laws of relativity should be impressive. Alas, at 2 hours & 49 minutes chocked full of complex concepts, there are certainly those who may check out at a certain point. But they would be remiss to not feel the impact of the finale. For any serious moviegoer/science enthusiast, Interstellar is a noble achievement & spiritual experience.

This is by far the best movie i have seen this year, or come to think of it, probably the best in the last few years. Interstellar is a film about love and its bonds to traverse space and time. Not only does it fulfill its purpose with some truly skilled acting, but some interesting and likable characters as well. While the story and characters go a long way for me, the imagery and the way this movie is filmed sent it over the top. I like to think of myself as an artistically minded person, and that is why the movie appealed so much to me. This movie actually reminded me a lot of 2013’s " Gravity". It looked stunning and sold the spatial aspect, but had a much more involved story. This is easily one of the most beautiful pieces of cinema i have ever seen. 

Our planet is becoming a giant dustbowl, so Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and 2 others set out to find an inhabitable planet in another galaxy. This promises some mind-stretching concepts, framed by confusing scientific discussions. You can also expect some cool visuals, although the camera often focuses more on faces than spectacular effects. As for the human aspect, it's all about his emotional connection with his daughter back on Earth. The power of love has its part to play and McConaughey cries a lot! Hans Zimmer's overpowering music sometimes gets in the way and some of the story clichés dilute the potential majesty of the voyage. Don't get me wrong, there's lots to recommend in Christopher Nolan's splendid film and the 169 minute length never bores, it was just less amazing than I expected. 

Interstellar. InterSTELLAR.
Good but not great movie.
Fantastic visuals. Big sound effects. Overblown soundtrack.
Acting was fine, but too sentimental.
Well executed. But lacked finesse, mystery and elegance.

 Interstellar is stunning in its scenery and description of outer Space. The storytelling is tight and well written. The last 5 five minutes or så is useless, other than that it is a must see movie especially if you liked Gravity. Nolan is a great director. 

 Yes, this movie is very long... not for everybody..but trust me, if you like fantasies, you don't wanna miss this one! The acting was not really that great but the story is pretty dramatic al though it had it's cons... Overall i think it was very interesting and i give it a 8/10 because of the amazing visuals and soundtrack! 

 Scientifically accurate, stunning in visuals, it is an impressive feat for Nolan. While the casting is good, I felt that the emotion and crying in the film was distracting, superseding the special effects in the film. But the acting at least was human and natural, though McConaughey needs to slow down with the tears. 

 INTERSTELLAR is not a perfect film. And in fact, the first hour tired me totally. If I were home, I would have shut it off BUT thank god I was not and did not. INTERSTELLAR simply blew me away. 

Much like the intense gravity of a black hole, the big ideas of "Interstellar" overwhelm and crush the film. The Nolan brothers mix in real theoretical concepts of astrophysics into the story (singularities, wormholes, time dilation) but also unwisely choose to have the characters banter back and forth these complex ideas in order to prop up a plot with more than a few holes (even for a sci-fi flick). The casting is just okay: McConaughey is riding the high tide he has enjoyed from solid work in "Dallas Buyers Club" and HBO's "True Detective", and has the requisite Texas twang of an astronaut/engineer who is convinced to leave his earthbound family behind in the name of preservation of no less than the entire human race. Anne Hathaway is something a curiosity as an unconvincing astrophysicist, but apparently gets the Nolan 'pass' from her previous work in "The Dark Knight Rises". Then Matt Damon appears later in the film, entirely out of place as a failed mission commander who's motives may or may not be altruistic.

Christopher Nolan has done his youthful homework: there are ideas borrowed from a fanboy's inspirational memories of "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "Solaris". I won't deny some of the film's visuals are stunning and actually effective when it comes time to render an environment as unfathomable as the very center of a singularity inside a cosmic black hole. But no amount of editing can reconcile the back-and-forth of an astronaut trapped inside some theoretical dimension of a singularity (when really he would have been shredded at the event horizon), and the quiet, lonely space on earth of a young daughter's bedroom.

"2001", "Solaris": these films were also laden with big ideas. But they granted the subconsciousness of the audience space to work through very abstract concepts without trying to dictate either clumsy exposition or a Hollywood happy ending.

 One of the best scifi films made period. Amazing heart wrenching inspiring story/visuals and sountrack. Makes you think about what we should REALLY be aiming for in life. I was crying my eyes out on more than one moment in this masterpiece. 

Inception meets Contact.

Pros: Great Emotional Drama.

Cons: Terrible Scifi.

The movie doesn't make any sense, Nolan should have employed an actual Physicist who specialized in quantum singularity theory. I've seen a steady Decline in Nolan's writing, and perhaps its time for him to step back and direct better screenplays. At this point, he's suffering from Shyamalan Syndrome.

I'm speechless, i would love to be able to explain this movie to you but unfortunately i'm not able to.
I am a lover of Sci Fi & i had expected a good movie but what i was subjected to was amazing.
You have to see this movie, anyone that gives this movie a mediocre score well you have to feel sorry for them.
I just wish all Sci Fi movies were as good as this one.

Interstellar....With a movie this big it's hard to review it without making you read tons of text you don't want to, Or giving away plot points that make the movie what it is. So Ill try my best to keep it short and to the point.
Interstellar is a 3 hour long Sci-Fi/Action/Drama directed by Christopher Nolan staring Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway. The acting from the main cast was amazing, everyone felt like they had a strong connection. I found this movie extremely imaginative and eye opening, It covers some subjects few to no movies have ever cover before. The base of the story without giving away to much is Earth is unable to produce enough food and Humans are forced to explore for other planets.Even with a run time of 3 hours Nolan does a great job at delivering those emotional gut punches and breath taking scenes that pull you right back in. The run time can feel a bit long and I do feel like Nolan could have shaved off a few minuets. Sadly there was a few plot holes as well, almost like Nolan was piecing it together near the end and makes the last few minutes seem detached from the rest of the film.
Those minor gripes aside, Interstellar is a phenomenal film that showcases amazing CGI and practical effects to bring you truly immersive experience. A movie like this is best experienced for yourself and will be even more enjoyable if you can walk into this movie not seeing any trailers.

This is one of the best films I've seen in 2014 and will keep me thinking for awhile. 

The story is too drawn out and tedious. For all the factual effort spent by Nolan on getting the physics right he failed to put the same effort into creating believable human characters. I felt little empathy with most of them and found their situational reactions baffling. Not much of the right stuff here, which is what you would get if God forbid this scenario ever really happened. It’s not a good sign when I felt I would have done a better job myself on the mission. Some major plot holes also. Humourless mostly and excessively introspective. The beginning especially was weak, Blight just isn't scary and that coming from an Irish guy. Maybe a resistant killer bacteria but blight?. Cinematography saves it and I hope to see it gain on Imax to appreciate it more

 With the exception of Matthew McConaughey's accent, Interstellar isn't that difficult to understand. The graphics are mesmerizing (better than Gravity, in my opinion), and everything seems perfect until the last 30 minutes. I would think that Nolan, of all people, would understand that not every movie needs a happy ending. His "too perfect" conclusion kills it for me. 

 Sci Fi fan here, never heard of the director, dont care etc. I watch movies.

I really liked Interstellar. If you like a good, real science fiction story, then this is the one to see. If you are a Dad with a daughter or 3 and you like science fiction then you really have to see this.

I'm sorry but I have to nerd rant, so a semi spoiler is below.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Some scientist can outmatch a former fighter and test pilot really? I mean he's matt daemon, got it - but there is no way a test pilot would have just stood there after some dude rips off his comms transmitter. AND THEN said dude, who is some scientist would no way beat the crap out of a test pilot.

That's my only complaint.

This movie was much longer than it needed to be. This 3 hr movie could have been edited down to 2 hrs. The sound editing was a mess. At times, it was difficult to understand what the characters were saying over the overly intense background music. The robotic character was ridiculous. A great big stainless steel rectangle that had a bizarre way of walking? Really, was that the best you could come up with? Modern day Robots from Japan are better than this obelisk At times, the theory of relativity took over the drama between the father and children. The idea that re-forestation never occurred to these earthlings to bring the oxygen levels back to normal for the future? The thesis that we are destroying our planet seemed to pander to the Hollywood left that created this mess of a movie. It was offensive. I did, however like the actors and their performances. 

 One of the most amazing visual experiences to date. I guess the performances are good, it's difficult to care because the characters are not very well developed. All the characters are essentially vessels for exposition, nobody really feels real. The plot is overly convoluted, like all Nolan movies. But see it, dude. why not? 

 Absorbed, deafened and depressed. I suspect that I won't be buying the DVD, unlike Inception, which I wanted to watch over again. Whatever the science might have been saying - and you might need to have read (and understood) Hawking, the emotions were loud and clear and Zimmer-insistent. Still, it did make me want to go home and hug my sons. 

It may not be as mindblowing as Inception, but it paints a clear picture of unworldly desolate journey in very personal level. Aside from the heavy emphasis of space flight, "Human is explorer" as the movie aptly described, the best part of the movie is relationship between humans themselves, mainly between Cooper and Murph. Visual is pleasant, the science is sound and atmosphere is grimly right, although the pace can be pretty slow at times. The movie serves as inspiration and education purpose, captivating audience with not just boring lecture but also with good simulation on how lives can be affected by the prospect of unforeseeable future.

Story is very heavy with scientific elements, there is much information to absorb and it could be overwhelming for those who aren't accustomed to sci-fi genre. To its credit, the movie tries to explain many complicated aspects as brief and as clear as possible, it can't be faulted with lack of research. The first act does take some time to roll, but for a good reason. Matthew McConaughey brings top notch acting in recent years, but perhaps his best one is this father-daughter relationship with Murph (Jessica Chastain). It's very believable, dynamic, occasionally amusing and thoroughly emotional. Jessica Chastain pulls off a great performance, better than her older counterparts.

Michael Caine, an old time accomplish to Nolan, as Depp to Burton, is fantastic as usual. There's so much depth to his character, much thanks to his natural parental charisma. Anne Hathaway plays as Brand, another astronaut with strong conviction but slight self-doubt. Every character here is flawed, there's no one with hero mentality, and it's more authentic to see them trying to solve their issues with such imperfection. Hathaway is more of a comrade than love interest, someone who shares the unique same fate, her tight suit will be missed though.

Writing is quite brilliant, very solid and humorous when needs be. It balances the complex stuff with simpler tone to ensure audience can still relate. Props to writers for making the robotic characters very lively even as they lumber around in metal case. Visual is littered with the gray tone of Nolan. This fits the estranged worlds and empty space, it's less blockbuster than previous galactic voyage of Gravity, but appealing on its own right. Music from Hans Zimmer is undoubtedly excellent, he hits the right tune and delivers some creeping moments of solitude. The overall sound effect is also good, transitioning between vacuum space and mechanic growl perfectly. The movie's production level is sky high.

Interstellar is admittedly a bit slow at times, it's inspirational but not as cinematically engaging and entertaining as Nolan's previous works. It manages to create a lonely perspective, a daunting self-reflective insight of human significant, or insignificant in cosmos time, but the best part about the movie is the bonds, might it be parental, platonic or romantic, or even robotic. In the end the star is the humans that make the equation more meaningful.

Breathtaking.
Outstanding. The science checks out, at least theoretically, for the most part.
The plot itself is pretty tight, although not perfect.
The effects are unreal though. I loved it.




